Although there are elements of truth in each description, both sides are guilty of failing to break free of their political bias to provide their respective audiences the unadulterated truth about the occupy operation. As a result, unnecessary polarization among Americans is heightened by their words and writings, many who could relate to the injustices but had little sympathy for those who are denied justice. In some cases, the political pundits have become unwitting participants of the growing social divide, playing directly into the hands of the operation’s architects. In other cases, they are willful facilitators working with them.
My Hubs Absolutely LOVES this!!
If there is an ideal age when girls should reach puberty, no one knows what it is, said Dr. Marcia E. Herman-Giddens, a researcher at the University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill. A girl needs a certain amount of body fat to start menstruating, and girls who are malnourished or ill may have delayed puberty.
As a stay at home mom, I am constantly on the search for ways to make money, and never having to put my children in daycare, or in the care of a stranger. I’ve seen my share of scams, and in today’s world, they are everywhere! I’ve complied my list of sites that I’ve found that can lead to jobs at home, or just extra money. All of these links can be found on the right side of the page under ”Work From Home.”
Black-gram dal - 1 teaspoon
At the end of the dream he was primping himself before a mirror. He looked good, in a rough homeless sort of way. He had ditched his glasses and had a full head of hair. In fact he didn’t look anything like himself. His skin was burnished and he was taller than in real life. And he was dressed as an old-timey railroad engineer, in cap and red kerchief and overalls. The whole nine yards.
“If we confess our sins, He is faithful and just and will forgive our sins and cleanse us from all unrighteousness. If we say we have not sinned, we make Him a liar and His word is not in us.” 1 John 1:9-10
Dijana
“I PROMISE YOU NOTHING!”
Top Ten Reasons New Yorkers Love Peeps
3/4 teaspoon fresh or dried mint (finely chopped if fresh)
Here's a quick peek at how the flower image looks when finished.
2. Chinese Rocks (not on original R.I.P.)
You were born to be abundant. Everything about you is abundant! Can you count the blood cells flowing in your body right this moment? The brain cells? The number of hairs on your head? OK so you’re bald, you have hair somewhere on your body, can you count those? You see you are filled with abundance in your very being. You take in millions of molecules of air every moment. You can think millions of thoughts in a year. You have millions of skin cells that regenerate moment by moment. You see, you are a walking bundle of wealth.
GET
I want to thank Adele for letting me be a guest blogger on her fantastic blog! I love her blog and all of her great ideas. My name is Jullee and I blog over at The Grubery. I am the Mom to two amazing little girls age 4 and 18 months, and I am learning to cook amazing meals one dish at a time. Before my oldest was born my husband and I ate out constantly. Then when my first daughter came we started eating out less and I started to cook a bit. When my youngest came along I decided that it was time to get the cooking show on the road. I am truly learning to love cooking a delicious meal for my family. I have become much more daring and sure of myself in the kitchen.
Tues. Feb. 7th - House of Rock - Corpus Christi, TX - w/Bun B
It is a challenging road, this one of letting go.
The game last night started at 6:00pm. Don’t let the sun fool you. It was 34* and windy. At the end of three hours I couldn’t feel my toes. I haven’t been that chilled in a very long time. The boys looked miserable.
Hawaiian tattoos and body art have a history of thousands of years and experience a renewed popularity since the 90s, together with other tribal tattoo styles. Aloha!
We had to move it from where it was, to high up on our flat roof (where we have seen the squirrels sitting on it, eating), because Lincoln was not happy about it being in the garden.
All I had to do was transcribe his words to have the column verbatim!
I peeled the wax paper off just one side of each ornament and poured some Martha Stewart glitter on them. After I stamped my pine branch, sentiment, and sponged the edges, I peeled the wax paper from the back of each ornament and stuck them down on the cardstock. Quick and easy!
Alexander was a thinker educated by the philosopher Aristotle and realised, Diogenes was able to stand outside the Maelstrom, watching and being entertained by the turmoil of human activity. While Alexander was very much embroiled in it and even though he most certainly rose to the very top, he gained no more happiness from it than did Diogenes. Alexander for all his prowess envied Diogenes for this, once remarking to his generals “If I were not Alexander, I would be Diogenes”.
Then over all, (aye! aye!) my little and lengthen’d pennant shaped
Montana was so pleased with her efforts that she promptly sat down and ate several… in a row.
First, I made one for our front door in a fall theme.
“Because of the size of the project site, its location at a major transportation crossroad, and the complexities of building over the rail yard, it is not possible to develop the site without some temporary significant adverse noise and traffic impacts,” the DEIS states.
Sir Jeremy told the panel: “I regarded our invasion of Iraq as legal but of questionable legitimacy, in that it didn’t have the democratically observable backing of the great majority of member states or even, perhaps, of a majority of people inside the UK.
Anyways, Ask them a couple simple questions….
He took it and held the delicate bones in his big paw. Energy ripped through him as their palms touched. After the initial jolt, he felt a peace overcome every fiber of his being. It slowed his heart and loosened his muscles. The peace that flowed
Miss Yoga herself strutted into the room and set her towel and water down and started hooking up her iPod. Then, she found us- the three newbies. First, we intrude on yoga, now we are semi-stalking her in cycle (I can’t wait until we are on a first name basis).
But there would be none of it. For across the terrace, black and very large in the mid-day sun stood a bull, eying us suspiciously, steam rising from his thick hide as he took a single step, eying us all the while as he took another, and then he broke into a tidy little trot on his undersized legs down the terrace like a twinkle-toed nightmare deftly hopping the dirt moguls en route to throttling two international interlopers.
i fear, you have been mistaken
Good thing Marian Gaborik finally ended his goal scoring drought with 5:19 left in the third overtime. If he hadn’t the game might have lasted forever. The way Alex Ovechkin’s golden chance bounced off the post in the first overtime and later on the way Mike Rupp’s open net opportunity was blocked by his own teammate Brian Boyle, you’d think that everyone had conspired to keep the game going as long as possible.
Garry Borland - vocals, Richard Simpson - guitar, Jacqui Crane - bass, Murray Dalglish - drums.
The President of the Republic might set up special bodies, councils and committees whose tasks and mandates are set out in the decisions taken to create them.
Add garlic
4/1/12 - Final component implemented for customers in areas 1 and 2, except Consumer-Directed Care Plus (CDC+) participants. Read moreâ€¦
After the dance scene is over, I noticed a change in Karen Lopins' character; she seemed more confident, more comfortable in her own skin. Speaking of which, the amount of leg Karen shows during the finale at Hutton's mansion was unequivocally awesome. I adored the way she had her legs crossed as she sat bound and gagged, and plus she got tell Lauren Hutton's character, an aging vampire who needs to consume the blood of a virgin male in order to remain relatively youthful in appearance, to "fuck off" in a forthright manner.
Two factors which are directly relevant to Robinson’s case are:
LB: Leighton Baines (Everton) – David Moyes deserves a lot of credit for what he has done with Everton this season. To me, they (along with Swansea & Norwich) have been the real feel-good story of the season. Leighton Baines, and specifically his work getting forward and completing crosses, has been a big part of why Everton has succeeded this year.
Who is speaking here? Isaiah. (It is interesting that the person speaking in the book of Isaiah changes very frequently.)
hey, i was 18 when we met - young love!
Em's dr's appointment took ALOT longer than I imagined so I didn't make it back to Noah's school for his Valentine's Day party :( I hope all the kids like the heart shaped crayons I made. They were fairly easy to make and would have been so much easier if I had a ton of broken crayons without the wrappers laying around the house. Oh well. Here's how to make them:
I'm having a catch-up day, doing those little jobs that have mounted up- so I'll have a little catch-up here too. So what have we been doing? When we haven't been poorly and off school, or flipping pancakes, this week we have mostly been baking,
Regular visitors to I Was A Teenage Book Geek may recall that, back in the day, I was obsessed with Sweet Valley High. My hero was Jessica Wakefield, a.k.a. Hurricaine Jessica, a.k.a. your average self-obsessed eighties cheerleader whose only saving grace was that she wasn't Elizabeth Wakefield. Never heard of her? Picture the anti-christ with pompoms and frosted lipgloss, and you're about there.
Many of those spoken to last week said they had fled to South Africa to find food.
As each soul reaches a climatic point in expodental growth it outreaches and shines its new found lights of balance and love not only to the inner being but it also reflects outward as well. It acts as a lighthouse leading or lighting a way. Others believe it or not will follow these lights as they see the EFFECT it is CAUSING or Creating whilst upon this journey.
It was interesting reading Emily Bronte’s poems. I found myself wishing often that I knew more about the Gondal epic so that I could really understand the background of some of the characters, but the prose itself was beautiful. The poems often touch on sadness and despair, loneliness and heartache. Emily was not one to write cheerful poetry, but isn’t poetry often melancholy? I found that I preferred her non-Gondal poems and found them to be much more powerful.
It poured a dark chocolate brown color with heavy brown head. Smells of dark smokey chocolate. A very roasted bitter dark chocolate taste with a slight caramel malt flavoring. Reminded me of a stout which is probably why I enjoyed it so much. Had a medium body, which allows one to have a few in a sitting. Would love to get my hands on another, but regrettably will have to wait until next Fall.
roads, storage facilities and
Tourists can either take local buses from various points within the city to reach this temple located in South Delhi, or they can take auto-rickshaws and taxis or metro rail.
In Chapter Eight, Romney discusses education. Because of serious warning signs, Romney has concluded that education is deteriorating in America and this threatens its economic and military leadership. Similar to other issues discussed by Romney, he believes that the examination of data can lead to solutions. Data has shown that reducing class size or spending more money do not lead to improved academic performance, but the quality of teachers does. To improve the quality of teachers, we need to select the best and brightest, work to improve their skills, and monitor performance. “Intervention” is needed if teachers or schools that do not perform. Because of Romney’s love of data, he loves No Child Left Behind. Although he doesn’t directly discuss the appropriateness of the feds in education, he notes that, “Only the federal government had the clout to force testing through the barricade mounted by the national teachers’ unions.” Vouchers are politically infeasible, but charter schools are a viable and promising alternative for school choice.
Hope everyone had a wonderful Valentines Day!
INTA Academic Day and Annual Meeting Registration Information: INTA offers a variety of discounted registration options for INTA professor and student members and non-member professors and students to attend the 2011 INTA Annual Meeting. For Annual Meeting registration information, please contact Carin Diep-Dixon at cdiep@inta.org."The IPKat urges his academic friends, foes and colleagues to come to the INTA Meeting if they can. The organisation has done so much to make itself academic-friendly and has very accommodating registration rates. Also, once you're there you don't need to spend anything on food or drink since there's so much of it around -- so if your institution won't pay for you to go, make it your holiday instead!
Oh yeah, the dynamism part… yeah, I’m going to continue cycling through exercises for my workouts, so I don’t get bored.
The page on the right has flourish rub ons in opposite corners. The little book opens out for more photo space and is secured with a secret magnet underneath the paper.
Not only does the Heritage Keepers program ostracize LGBT youth, withhold life-saving information from sexually active and HIV-positive youth, and use fear-based messages to shame sexually active youth, youth who have experienced sexual assault, and youth living in “nontraditional” households, there are also questions about the effectiveness of this program to delay sexual initiation or favorably impact sexual behavior among youth. The original evaluation by Stan Weed, et al., of the Heritage Keepers program in 2005 was criticized by other researchers for having a flawed design and was never published, much less published in a peer-reviewed journal. Next, the program was reviewed in a congressionally mandated study of Title V abstinence-only-until marriage programs conducted by Mathematica Policy Research, Inc., and published in 2007. Mathematica found no evidence to support the effectiveness of the program. Specifically, their interim report stated:
- some evidence that the man most commonly associated with this phenomenon could be using exactly these techniques to do just this,
But with the weird and the bad, came good (as life usually does), I officially got in a relationship with...Will. Ha, I felt weird talking about him on my blog, but now, I don't care. It might've been a little sudden, but it didn't feel that way to us. I've known him for five years, and he's the greatest guy I've ever known. He treats me completely different than guys have in the past...and that means something to me. All my family and closest friends can see a change in me, in this guy, and that also confirmed it for me. The feelings I get with him are just so different, and yes, a little scary. I'm falling for him fast because it feels so effortlessly, but with that, you have your guard up. My step-mother Kim, told me it's okay to let yourself be vulnerable, and just feel what you are feeling. She's right. I say it every time, but everyone deserves a cleans slate, even if you have been hurt every single time. I'm scared, but I want to take this chance on something great. I teased Will the other day; in five years, we don't have one good picture with each other. Guess we'll just have to fix that won't we?! Just so thrilled with this. He gets me better than a lot of people do, and every day I find something else we have in common with one another. I love it, I truly do.
this lovely slapstick stamp by Penny Black and a 15% off lifetime discount from our friend Dick of PB Stamps, thank you kindly Dick!!
Jack has even cycled home with 4 unassembled dining room chairs, all boxed up on the bike trailer from the furniture store. It was only a 6 km. trip, partially on a busy road, then onto the bike path. But it is possible with all the right roping, bungie cords and knowing the bike route well enough in advance to maneouvre the trailing, oversized packages along. Another time, he slowly transported a pair of skis.
Did any of you hear the news that Israel has banned the use of underweight models in ads? My initial reaction, when I read about this a few weeks ago, was approval. Models in Israel now have to provide proof that they are not malnourished by the World Health Organization's standards, which states that a person with a body mass index of below 18.5 is malnourished. I think it's wonderful that Israel cares enough about its citizens that it would try to do something to prevent the development of eating disorders in its girls and women. Plus, I think we’re all aware of how prevalent “thin worship” is in the media.
On November 9th, we set up tents in conscious violation of the student code of conduct, in order to try and establish an occupy encampment on campus and to counter growing inequalities on and beyond campus. Because this violated the code, the administration sent in the police to take down the tents. When we linked arms around the encampment, the police treated us as people who were violating the law, and who were refusing to disperse.
The response from NARAL was that:
and the day had just begun….
If it not all SWP, it's certainly all posh neo-colonialism. Take two non-SWP lovers of the Brown Exotic, Seumas Milne and the ‘right wing' Peter Oborne.
"Ow!"
How about the Black Panthers? They have been instructed by experience that voter intimidation is acceptable with the appropriate amount of melanin.
My brother is a Corrector. He dropped some stuff off at my house a couple of weeks ago and sent me a text to let me know where it was. He then sent me another text to correct the typo in the previous text.
Not so clear voices come here, and they're usually the male:
Arsenal under-18s concluded their season with a deserved 2-0 victory away to Birmingham City today, but results elsewhere dictated that Steve Bould’s side are now unable to top Premier Academy League Group A.
Thankfully for us, our apartment had never been subjected to any eccentric additions, and I doubt we would have bought it if it had as we wanted to avoid precisely the problems we've ended up with. It does however put us in the position of being the only ones with leverage against Ms B and Mr A (at least in their minds).
It’s not something I am proud of, yet also not something I am ashamed to do — but after polishing off a packet of one of these candies, I can’t help but gather the remaining sugar along the bottom of the bag and eat it. Now, I have varying methods. Sometimes I outright lick the bag. Other times I turn the bag over and pour it directly into my mouth. My preferred technique? Swiping my index finger along the sugary piles until gone.
But I thought maybe somebody on the team will see him and take some pictures.
your mouth was so dirty
I heard the story about a guy who joined a Tibetan monastery. For three years he was given a probation period where he was not to speak a word until the end of year when he was reviewed and was allowed only two words. The first year at the end he said, “Bed hard.” At end of the second year he said, “Food cold.” At the end of the third year he’s about had it. He comes in and says, “I quit!”
So what do our kids really need from these years? Well, they need to learn a lot of stuff. Humans are wired to learn -- to be curious and to try to fit into the tribe. Kids left to their own devices in a rich (not necessarily "enriched") environment will learn. Just try to stop them. They constantly watch, listen, absorb, ask questions, think, space out, poke things, and try new stuff. Do we need to focus on teaching them particular things at particular times? If we grown-ups need to know something, we go learn it. Why should we set the schedule for them? Do we have some special knowledge that they will need a particular skill or bit of knowledge to fulfill some goal later in life? No, we don't. More importantly, no manner of assessment will guarantee that they will learn (really learn) anything we decide to teach them. We learn best when what we're learning is interesting, entertaining, fulfilling for us. We learn best when curiosity drives exploration and study, not when a syllabus and a class bell announce the next subject. As long as Joe and I have the luxury of being responsible for our kids' education, the best things we can do to prepare them for adulthood are to (a) introduce them to our world by sharing our interests and our daily lives with them, and (b) listen to them and help them find answers, resources, and new ideas in whatever direction their curiosity pulls them.
Now, tell the poor young children, O my brothers,
He’d also just gotten back from a tour in Vietnam.
It is ok if you have to be active during the session. Many people have to work or take care of their families during this time. It can still be very beneficial if you aren't able to be quiet. It reduces the effects some but it can still be very effective. You can also sleep during the session. This is good way to receive the energy because you will be very relaxed.
“Everything was happening without my participation. My fate was being decided without anyone so much as asking my opinion.”
Weather and country-dependent, it’s unlikely you’ll need a sleeping bag as most places provide – though if on a super budget I’d take a sleeping bag sheet liner if you’re anticipating flee-farms. And a mini-med-kit with plasters, immodium and paracetamol. And a travel adaptor if you are flashpacking, to charge all your gear.
And that’s especially true because, unless I am completely misreading the signs, Slim Girl is a prostitute. Or at the very least, she uses sexuality to get herself money and favors from men. I don’t have any proof from the novel yet that she consummates any of these relationships, but if not she certainly is leading a man to believe she will. I have to admit, I was pretty shocked by this revelation, especially as La Farge drops it in slowly and casually, as if to say “Oh, how does she make her money? Well, let’s say a lot of gentlemen know her. Know her well, if you catch my drift.” Though not the title character, it feels like her story at this point, less than half-way into the novel: her story of how she grows closer to a native heritage she’s lost (but awakens to as she gets to know the strong young man she has married), her story of how she balances worlds (she dreams that the money she earns can be turned to profit by her new husband, whose artistry and craft can turn a little silver into beautiful artifacts and jewelry—she thinks they can become rich and then go away to live together in happiness), her story of how a young woman can gamble her whole self and lose. Because I don’t see how she, living perilously close to scandal in the white world and already a scandal to “her people” as she is, can hope to win. And I wonder if Laughing Boy will be brought low along side her, in the process. He seems loyal and kind, and utterly bewitched by her personality (even more than by her beauty). Such things are tragic flaws in fiction, as often as not. For the first time in a while, on this Pulitzer run, I think this is a novel some of you should go read….head to your library and get that ILL department working for you!
Marlene looked at her quizzically.
I assume you have all heard about the recent Girl Scouts controversy over the transgendered Girl Scout, which has been all over the news. Short version: the Girl Scouts of America are FAIR and we can be PROUD of them:A group calling itself HonestGirlScouts.com has posted a YouTube video calling for a boycott of Girl Scout cookies in response to a Colorado troop's decision to allow a 7-year-old transgender child into its troop. Gay rights and transgender rights groups have reported a grassroots LGBT movement of supporters buying Girl Scout cookies in response to the video....After an initial burst of publicity around the nearly 8-minute video featuring a teen Girl Scout wearing a Girl Scout sash, the video has been made private on YouTube. However, it's still available for viewing elsewhere on the Internet.
You have a ton of toys and yet never play with the same thing for very long. Always changing it up
Most backbenchers have the interests of their party high on their agenda but at the same time they elevate the issues they care about highly too, and are not afraid to speak out in public as well as behind the scenes. Loyalty is a two-way process which requires being recognised for talents. As I remain a role-less backbencher in the civic centre I must define for myself what and how I make a contribution to the borough.
This was the first time I actually used a brand new tee. However, it was only $4 at Wal-mart :)
Alarmed by the precarious nature of spent fuel storage during his recent tour of the Fukushima Daiichi site, Sen. Ron Wyden, D-Oregon, subsequently fired off letters to Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, Secretary of Energy Steven Chu, NRC Chairman Gregory Jaczko and Japanese ambassador to the U.S. Ichiro Fujisaki. He implored all parties to work together and with the international community to address this situation as swiftly as possible.
Initially, the sales figures were decent which indicated that the Indians are responding well. However, it soon became apparent that many people had bought Corn Flakes as a one-off, novelty purchase. Another big issue is its price, the product is too expensive for the Indian middle-class. Meanwhile, Kellogg’s didn’t reduce the price and decided to launch other products in India. Indian cereal buyers were introduced to Chocos, Rice Flakes, Wheat Flakes, All Bran, Honey Flakes and few other line extensions where none of them have managed to really succeed in a big scale.
Usually it's about 6 weeks after my order opens, but this time it may be longer because they've warned me next month will by busy for them... I hope before September ends... I will keep everyone up to date :)
Councils and Councillors
For further tips and tricks on bottling, preserves and general domestic fabulousness, I can totally reccomend this book, I love River Cottage anyway, but this book especially has me ready to bottle and preserve anything and everything.
Besides noting the obvious, you’re probably wondering why I am posting yet again so soon. Life is fast approaching me – literally, real life is right around the damn corner. My mother is demanding I get a job ASAP, in which I am trying the best I can to get a job, but it’s like no one wants to hire me, most likely because I’m still in college; today she mentioned she wants me to start looking at jobs that are about thirty minutes away, which if that’s the case, I might as well call the district manager for PictureMe Studios and tell her I want to work at the location over an hour away since it has zero employees. I’m doing what I can to get a job in town since gas is so high and my vehicle is close to reaching 140,000 miles on it. And, if my college will cooperate, I will only need one more class to graduate with an Associates degree. But I really don’t want to stop at just an Associates degree, I do want to get my Bachelors degree, and one day even a graduate degree because I enjoy being intelligent and putting it to use. College is just so damn expensive and not even worth it most of the time, and I don’t qualify for any financial aid whatsoever because I’m considered white and my parents make too much money (it’s not a racist thing with me, that’s just what counts with the government). Because of the fact I don’t qualify for aid, I don’t qualify for most scholarships because they require that you show financial need. So basically, if I want a degree, I either need to work ’round the clock at a really great paying job, or I have to take out student loans. I’ve managed to find the student loan of choice, one of the Hinson-Hazelwood student loans that are offered by Texas Higher Education Coordinating Board. They offer the lowest interest rates you will probably ever manage to see for student loans in your entire life! With that low of interest rates offered, I’m pretty sure I could manage paying that loan off if I do manage to take one out; I just prefer not to take out such a ridiculous amount of money because I simply cannot comprehend anything over $5000.
All this thought about shoes has made me think about what our shoes say about us. My elegant aunt's selection told me I wanted to be just like her. My mother's were much more practical but lovely non the less until her later years when she was relegated to less attractive shoes in order to accommodate a brace insert. It broke her heart and ours as well.
I’d like to ask Canadians of all shapes and sizes the following questions. You see, I’m having trouble reconciling the country I live in at the moment, and perhaps the answers will provide insight. You’ll help, won’t you? You know, because Canadians are known world-wide as friendly and helpful?
I tell him blue and yellow and this time remember the magic. He messes with the tangle of rubber worms and picks the ones he needs.
Barn Owl…
Hope you enjoyed it. Happy Trails!
Mills
Anything I do will have to work with the citron striped curtains, chang mai dragon art, and the bedding. The summer bedding is coral, as you can see in the picture, and the winter bedding is a deep royal blue.
SM: One take away for me is that I got in touch with an agent thanks to my having attended this show and this has been very productive so far. I hear this from lots of people, btw. Agents and editors who say they're not open to submissions will often make an exception for conference attendees.
“We can now confirm that the person in question (Angelo Marc Jandugan) is not currently a Deutsche Bank employee.”
Wash blackberries and place them on a kitchen towel to dry.
surprise I found congealing there, so ripe and deep
- Be woken up by whining puppy noises in the middle of the night after a long day…
It brought me to tears.
Phase One of a bear market brings stock prices down sharply. That’s what happened when the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell from 14,164 in October 2007 to 6,440 on March 9, 2009—a tumble of 54%.
It's a very special Remembrance Day today as here in the UK we remember those in our armed forces who give or have given their lives in the line of duty at 11am on the 11th day of the 11th month of 2011.
Come on over and join in on our sketch challenge this week! We'd love to see ya!
1 fools
Is this how the future of medicine will look? Will it soon be normal for patients to monitor themselves, get early warning of illnesses and take preventative measures? Or is self-tracking nothing more than an extreme form of hypochondria?
May I ask you just one question?
The first nails are Nailtini color in Stinger, a gorgeous duochrome that goes from teal to purple in the light. With an Inglot Flakie on top. Love this look! I am sporting it right now!
A: I've seen evidence that the return rates on print books are over 70%. If your book is selling poorly on Kindle, what makes you think you'll sell well having two copies, spine out, in a bookstore that will soon go out of business?
* Misogyny, prostitution, and STDs
PROVERBS 19:23
Today’s pictures are a little glimpse of that:
Gloucestershire police chief inspector Rob Priddy said: "We were pleased to support these operations in order to ensure the law is upheld at Stow Horse Fair. We hope the actions taken act as a warning to others engaging in these activities they will not be tolerated."
Whomever God calls….he prepares. I read an excerpt from a book “Apostolic Foundations” written by the late Art Katz. In the chapter on “Priestliness”, Art describes the preparation that Aaron and his sons went through to be made ready for priestly service in the Temple; God used Moses to prepare Aaron and his sons and God spoke every single detail to Moses….which is what God does. He leaves nothing undone.
Which is more than I can say for L or me.
Author sources vintage shoes from various designers, including Vivienne Westwood for Melissa, Ted Baker and many more, as well as designing a limited range of shoes in house. I loved the collections on show, so much that I left with a pair of Melissa black patent, tribal patterned wedges.
12”
they know
Is that right?
64. I hate dandelions! Hoping the spray we put on the yard tonight will work!!
It’s inevitable. Torturing myself is a coping method, and without it, I have no way to react. I’ll have no way to take a hit head on and turn it into a hurdle. Without bulimia, I’ll have no way to clear that hurdle; I’ll stumble and fall face first into the ground. I’ll be spitting up dirt and won’t ever be able to get the taste out of my mouth.
3) Practice. Writers need to write right? Practice makes perfect. If you aren't feeling the love for your current WIP, try describing the way the leaves are skittering across your driveway or the vivid colors on the bird sitting in the tree outside your window. Paint your day with words.
I wonder what the people who dismiss the Dale Farm residents as "just pikies" think has happened to the "real old Gypsies". For it is the granddaughters and grandsons of the folk in these wonderful old photographs who are the residents of the Traveller sites of today. Many people use the argument that Irish Travellers "don't count" somehow, and apparently possess great inside knowledge when they state authoritatively that the "genuine Gypsies" can't stand the Irish Travellers either. All of this is nonsensical, divisive fear-mongering. I think there's a part of these Traveller-haters which deep down is perhaps angry at their own life choices and the comparative freedom of Travelling people who seemingly don't suffer under the same rules and restrictions placed upon "law abiding house-dwellers". They are unable to accept that different people choose to live in different ways, and that those ways might be deeply intrinsic to their culture and way of experiencing the world. I've observed a simultaneous slight envy of the free roaming life coupled with extreme anger at the fact that they can live this life.
You see, two of our children live with HIV. It’s honestly not a big deal. Which is why you'll never see trumpets blowing, banners flying or any other crazy announcements. They are, first and foremost, incredible kids with an incredibly bright future.
I may not have a little black dress, my perfume collection is but one lonely little flask, I may only dream of ever wearing the classic Chanel suit. But I AM French, and as Mademoiselle Chanel said: “There is no time for cut-and-dried monotony. There is time for work. And time for love. That leaves no other time.”
Oh I know you're very big there --
These three very Letters UFO is *Mystic* to me! The reason:
Cast on 72sts
262 ***9. “On the Use, Neglect, and Abuse of Veils: The Parliaments of the World’s Religions, 1893, 1993.” The Great Ideas Today, vol. 1994, pp. 30-57 (Encyclopedia Britannica, 1994). (Source: Item D-IX/3/1993, below. Incorporated in Item B-12, above, pp. 345-74 (2002).)
In England, that summer before my senior year of college, I began to break my “American” eating habits. I learned how to eat less and better (without going crazy and totally depriving myself of delicious food). Because of Lamott, I was listening to my body when it told me I was hungry or full. I also taught myself a lot about nutrition be reading about it copiously. But he was my cure for my fidgety eating.
You can read the notice and response in full below. The fraudulent nature of extracting your money is exposed when Islington Parking Services were on the receiving end from a TPUC reader, and promptly withdrew the charge after 2 weeks by letter.
‘For through the law I died to the law so that I might live for God. I have been crucified with Christ and I no longer live, but Christ lives in me. The life I live in the body, I live by faith in the Son of God, who loved me and gave himself for me. I do not set aside the grace of God, for if righteousness could be gained through the law, Christ died for nothing!’ Galatians 2.19-21 NIV.
Weight Watchers PointsPlus = 5 per empanada
BF: You don’t think they’ve tried?
They eventually got it sorted out after much hilarity, all of which completely bypassed the poor patient who ended up with two bald legs, one of them in plaster.
Who would have imagined in 1933, that twelve years later Western Europe would undergo an America-led cultural revolution which would lead to the common belief that there are no differences between races?
Metal Claw
Combine the cumin with 2 teaspoons of salt and about ½ teaspoon freshly ground pepper. Season the pork chops well on both sides with this mixture. (You may have some seasoning mix left over.) In a large sauté pan, heat the oil and brown the chops well, 4 to 5 minutes per side, over medium-high heat. Remove chops to a warmed platter. In the same sauté pan, sauté the garlic until fragrant, 1 to 2 minutes. In a separate bowl, combine the chicken brother, tequila, and lime juice. Remove pan from heat, add liquid, and return to heat. (Have a lid ready to cover the pan in case the alcohol ignites-by combining the liquids, the alcohol has been diluted, but it may flare up). Bring the liquid mixture to a boil and reduce to about ¼ cup. Add the butter and any juices that have accumulated on the platter. Swirl the pan until the butter is incorporated. Season to taste with the minced jalapeno, salt, and pepper. Pour sauce over the chops.
“They’ll look like morons when they get to the debates”
Those hoping for their regular dose of condo negativism may be disappointed by this post. I’m gonna say something nice about a real estate marketing campaign. No, I haven’t been paid off. (If anyone wants to buy my goodwill, email me and I’ll give instructions on where to send the money.)
However, the quality of the editing of the package would indicate that this was indeed a professional and carefully executed attempt to put the authorities in Malaysia in a better light. If so, the exposure of such manipulation is likely to seriously backfire on both the reputation of Astro and international standing of BN.
that we have in place a policy which forces young men and women to lie
We get to join the club! Ann Marie and Michael are going to be parents and that makes us Grand-parents. I have heard it is the most wonderful thing to have grandchildren. We are thrilled beyond thrilled.
The Makiki Community Library is located in Makiki District Park at1527 Ke’eaumoku Street, just mauka of Lunalilo Freeway. There is a parking lot off Ke’eaumoku Street about half a block makai of Wilder Ave. Another smaller lot can be accessed from Makiki Street, just makai of the garden plots. Signs on Ke’eaumoku Street and
Won't you head on over there and read my post? And please leave me a comment letting me know you stopped by.
5 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, divided
I'm not scared of that label
2. TV guide Page 606 pulled up the TV guide – which many found essential and well laid out. People have taken to Twitter, using the hashtag #ceefaxmemories to mourn the loss of Ceefax’s TV listings.
Naivety despised. You’re lost,
“The morning of February 17, I put a wire on my son, and I sent him to school,” Chaifetz says in a video he created to showcase the audio clips. “What I heard on that audio was so disgusting, vile, and just an absolute disrespect and bullying of my son, that happened not by other children, but by his teacher, and the aides — the people who were supposed to protect him. They were literally making my son’s life a living hell.”
NOW ONLY $ 29
Mud Wrestling with McLuhan Part 2 – Retribalization – Focusing in on McLuhan’s ideas about electronic media initiating a “retribalization” of human society.
I think this holiday is best left to the professionals, tequila is not for wimps ! My spanish is abit rusty, but Im pretty sure Cinco de Mayo means “party for five days”!
Finally, regarding communication in relationships, be conscious of the energy of war in relationships in May. Communicate through your friction points with others only when you absolutely feel you need to, as many of you will be in ‘the flush’ and simply replaying past situations and events in your life.
Sometimes all it takes is an ‘I don’t know either.’ We can then shrug on cue and walk out of the room, leaving the glass empty on both sides.
I wonder if family life could be more enjoyable, and that conversations wouldn’t just be on the topic of money. We could talk more about the problems in school when I was younger, and have a hearty american breakfast or an outing to the beach on weekends.
We now know, following last Tuesday’s BBC This World documentary, that Smyth continued to abuse another boy, who was on the list supplied by Boland to the priests, until 1976, that boy’s sister until 1982 and four cousins of theirs, members of one family in Belfast, until 1988.
The poem quoted is part of a larger work that Tennyson wrote to process the death of his dear friend, Arthur Hallam. Intellectually, he believes that all things work together for good, that every tragedy has a reason, but despite his rational belief, he doesn't quite get it. He's like a baby crying in the dark (though, as a mother, I'm going to take a wild guess that the baby's not crying for the light, he's crying for his mother!) who doesn't understand what's going on. It's an uncertain poem, stating a moral but then casting doubt on it at the end -- saying, "Yes, I do believe this, but when the rubber hits the road this consolation does not really satisfy me." I like the honesty of it.
My main beef with this rant from Shirley is that he uses the phrase bloggerati in a demeaning way, now I myself have used this phrase as just a name for a group of bloggers together(it's as good as any other description). The other beef with Shirley is that he's practically labelled us all as beer fashionista's who only chase 'the next beer'! What a pile of absolute tosh! Does anyone else think that Shirley is just slagging off that which he doesn't understand?
In less than a month of life, her name has been pronounced "Carries," "Cahr-is," "Carrots," "Um, how do you say this?," and inexplicably "Paris*." It's been spelled Caris, Karis, Kerris, and Karys.
It looks like I will be heading down to visit Maltus Everling at least two more times.
Babycham
Seriously? I mean, SERIOUSLY?
Crushed velvet seats
Hope you all had a creative Wednesday :)
2 eggs
Iron:1.4mg
But, not without reason
The worst part though? The tortillas were terrible. Thick, dense and dry, they arrived cool (having been forgotten by our absentee waitress.) The corn tortilla beneath the huevos rancheros was brittle but ameliorated by the liberal lashings of red chile.
We had a few nice dinners, but nothing tasted too great. All I wanted was soup (get Martha Stewart's minestrone recipe here). And hey, if anyone wants to drop some off for me, that'd be great ;-)
Have a “special page” for these videos to reside on your dealerships website!
Farming or Pharmacy
I’m going at my own pace, I’m doing things for me.
I miss you all, and hope to get in a little more time online this next month. 'Hope' being the operative word.
by Bryan Murphy
So, drumroll please....
I am extremely concerned about the future demands on an already stretched social security system which will inevitably be required to pay for fundamental mistakes taking place in early years education right now today.
Saturday 16 April, Clayfields Sports Centre, Claypits Lane, Dibden, Southampton, Hampshire.
I would like a little advice from you guys though… One of the questions on the art form asks if there is anything I specifically DON’T want on my cover. This is a YA fantasy (an epic fantasy) and I am toying with the idea of saying I don’t want any of the characters on the cover, or at least any of their faces. What do you think? Do you like to have a character depicted on the cover of the book you’re reading? Or would you rather have it left to your imagination?
suffering from cancer. Also made with pure ingredients,
Bill Hader played the host, natch. At first, I thought that this was going to be one of those classic SNL sketches that perfectly toes the line between offensive and brilliant. Though it was brilliant, it wasn’t really offensive. And judging by the reaction on the Internet, I wasn’t the only one who wasn’t offended. Ultimately, it was amusing thanks to its actually meaningful interpretation of personalities juxtaposed with an absurd, practically meaningless intellectual endeavor. And the icing on the cake came from the peculiar idiosyncrasies of Who’s on Top?‘s format (“Ten more minutes.” “Don’t rush me!”/”I don’t want to picture that – pass.” “Correct”/”I want to lose it all!) A-
After therapy it was time to do some Christmas shopping for my spouse and so it was off to Kohl's. It was so very interesting to me how innocuous I was and how comfortable it was to shop that evening. More than one sales associate approached me and we began multiple conversations about everything... from travel to living in New Hampshire and numbers of other subjects. My best guess from the body language was that they were convinced I was natal female until the points where I spoke. For them, discovering the variance was a positive thing and it led immediately to their wanting to talk with me even more.
always told about the Easter when
He waved that away and turned to Damian. “Brother, welcome to manhood. Come on, we’re getting our sister back.” With that, he turned on his heel, the brothers leaving Kira standing open-mouthed in front of the cottage.
The movie has enjoyed a resurgence of sorts as it has become a cult favorite among design aficionados. Recent case in point -- Jonathan Adler cited the film's interiors as one of his favorites in a recent Wall Street Journal story noting that "Watching Auntie Mame is a right of passage for every aspiring interior decorator." (Note: I did a Movie as Muse blog post on designer inspirations last year and Charlotte Moss picked this film as well. Adler also chose the Walter Matthau comedy A New Leaf, Liz Taylor/Richard Burton's X, Y and Zee and Pillow Talk).
Very sublime verses with a killer riffing chorus and some slide and harmony guitars to good effect
So I love to read. I mean I have a degree in English with a minor in history, so I would have to love to read. So, today I’m going to talk about the books I’ve read recently. I haven’t done this before but I’ll try to start doing it more often.
as I clean your stone and decorate
My class has already pulled a prank on the adjoining class taught by the head soccer coach (we stole their backpacks while they went outside). I have had water balloons thrown on me during a rally. (The Seniors aimed for the Freshmen and hit the two new English teachers accidentally....they were so worried they had scared us away). I have coached four soccer games, administered a benchmark test, taught pronouns, moderated two lively class discussions about power, gone through five reams of paper, nearly killed a plant, and graded 90 ten page summer projects. I am starting to feel like a real teacher.
Most beautiful post:
There are so many things by which San Francisco is recognized. We have the Golden Gate Bridge, Alcatraz, the Giants, Lombard Street, Union Square, and Fisherman’s Wharf, among countless other things that appear on postcards. What really defines this city are the people, who come from literally every walk of life and exist together like pieces of a puzzle. Each one is unique, but together they create a beautiful composition that expresses a peaceful coexistence not seen elsewhere.
With this said, I must certainly apologize for the miscommunication generated by the server at your table. She misrepresented the Eat The Whole Menu at The Bent Brick which unfortunately ruined for you what has historically been an epically great experience for all of the guests who have ordered it. Apparently your server led you to believe that we strongly encourage large parties to Eat The Whole Menu. This is not the the point that should have been communicated. We like our customers to order however they wish to order. It's certainly fun for large parties to Eat The Whole menu but how our customers enjoy our menu is entirely up to them.
TYDUD Blog (tydudblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
Jo xxxx
And last but not least, a pretty simple yet fun project. Hair flowers are all the rage these days and with 3 girls I could use all the hair flowers I can get. The Basic Grey Brads and Buttons make fantastic centers for the flowers.
"When you seek a new path to truth, you must expect to find it blocked by expert opinion."
I wasn't scarred by the film itself. That poster, on the other hand...
I hope so. I have a debt to repay.
and I threatened to sell her to the local Chinese restaurant. An open can of
The problem with ‘pizza night’ being on Fridays is that I work until late & so the baton is passed to my wife for the evening. And although making pizza is relatively easy, it does take a bit of forward thinking. For starters the dough needs to left to rise for an hour before being manipulated into the required shape then topped. Not hard just time consuming.
The air was so still (clear reflection) and sunny like in a Hungarian dream.
He’s dangerous! He’s a dangerous, God-killing, thunderbolting eyeballed criminal!
Instead of focussing regarding fact claims, contract your measure to protect everybody added in this online gamey from any affect the cause may real compartment be mortal fitted.
82-761-7981
It’s all where one is on life’s journey and how one views age and dying that determined how one experienced the installation.
Now let's say that author got requests from five agents for the full manuscript. Let's say that manuscript is 400 pages. Let's say the cost of printing that manuscript is ten cents per page at the local copy shop. Print one original at home on a laser printer and the cost of printing is around twenty-five cents per page. Just laser-printing is $100, plus the cost of paper, so call it $107.00. Now we need five copies (the author should keep the original should she or he need more copies down the road). 400 pages times five copies is 2,000 pages times twenty-five cents is $500. Now the author has to ship those full manuscripts. Via Priority Mail Flat Rate and with the label prepared online is $10.85, times five is $54.25.
Also:
Added a little polymer clay hat and a bit of vintage lace. .I know
Set a goal today to see how many runs I could make by noon so there was no messing around and I was alone in my own little Ipod world. I started really cranking runs and when Rat and Jesse showed up I already had 11. And it was only a little after 10. Kept jamming,but the pace was beginning to slow though I tried to keep up the pressure on them. Had to wait a bit and then began to jump ahead on the chair seeing as I was going to be out of there at noon and the sun was already starting to fade and the light was going flat.
Wins 17
The food and beverage companies want you to buy and eat their products, so just like everything today, they supersize it to make you feel like you’re getting the most bang for your buck. But think about it – are you? Is an all-you-can-eat buffet really a win? Certainly not to your health or booty!
I don't think he even reads this blog. If he did, though, I guess I would want him to get to the end of this post knowing -- "ok. I am worth thinking about."
However, Judge Sparks ruled that the plaintiffs failed to produce sufficient evidence for overturning the restriction of direct sales from breweries, citing:
What is bothering me about this conversation is that Astrophysicist Man can tell Terry Gross anything, anything at all, and Terry, and all of us, the listening public, will just listen and nod like we believe what he was saying, even if we don't understand it, because he is the one with the title and the degree, and because we have not studied it ourselves, nor do we care to do so, anytime soon.
Anyway, here it is in my living room (I wouldn't mind keeping it!):
IGMA Fellow - Kyoko Kimura, from JAPAN - Plants
Praful Bidwai
But what I guess by likelihood, that dare I to indite. He has no such problem when it comes to describing Friar Lawrence, the mentor to whom Romeo turns for help, as the boy has more than enough experience with his own mentors, the tutors with whom he lived and studied as a child, taking the name of one, Lawrence, and the qualities and credentials of the other.
Okay, head still throbbing a bit, so I’ll sign off. Must remember to cue up Six Sentence Sunday before I crash into bed.
The Gingerbread Simple Syrup (makes enough for 7 lattes)
wireless earphones for ipod This newest Item from GSI Features a High Quality 4-in-1 FM Transmitter, with 206 FM Channels and USB, MP3 and SD Card Functions. It is a Great and Affordable Alternative to other High-Priced Transmitters and guarantees Quality of Sound., Brand GSI, Color Black, 12/24V, 206 FM Channels, FM Frequencies Buttons, Play/Pause Next/Previous ButtonsLCD Screen Displays Name of Song and Volume – Earphone Jack Connection – Audio Cable IncludedSpecial SD Memory Card Slot – Automatically Plays Stored Music FilesHigh Powered FM Transmitter – Plays Music from Car SpeakersUSB Interface – Reads and Plays MP3-WMA Music Files from your Favorite Audio Device
-Facebook about this giveaway and comment telling me you did
If you think that was strange, how about this mash-up:
Week Three: Kookaburras. Honestly, if they weren't endearing enough, most of the time, after watching one swoop from the power lines out front and snatch up a rodent I was whooping with delight. I've since tried to convince him to come roost inside my home, but he only laughs at me.
It's hard to tell what "it's" is the pronoun for. What is it? Upon reflection it is the pranks pulled by Raptor Snatch's rivals, BUT you never actually mention that. Instead it's hidden in "stab them in the fronts every chance they get." Which may be a great line, but doesn't actually make any sense.
My Thoughts – I downloaded this book as it was free on Amazon for a day and i thought that this might be the sort of book that i might enjoy.
Lately, I've become obsessed with blush. I have so many, but I really do switch which ones I'm using up a lot. Some colors I swear by, MAC Pink Swoon, Warm Soul, Sunbasque, for example and are some of my go-to shades.
Back on the good eating tomorrow….chinese hot pot! mmmm
The main research were the costing, which means found out what the percentages that travel companies gets when people book from them, but also all the finances like the price of a website, flyers, advertisements, cost for equipment etc...
We really loved these, but we were on quite the sugar kick yesterday. They weren't sweet enough, so we added some sugar to our liking. It's totally your preference with the sugar thing, but our sweet tooth is a very needy compared to some. This recipe makes A TON of smoothie, so if you want to slice it in half, you'd still have plenty of drink to go around.
Please check the customer reviews & ratings of Canon EOS Rebel T3i SLR Digital Camera Kit with Canon 18-55mm Lens + Canon EF-S 55-250mm IS Autofocus Lens + SSE Premium Camera Lens Starter Kit on the merchant’s site by visit the link below.
Drove all the way down to Texas State at San Marcos only to arrive at a class that was cancelled. I spent 15 minutes on campus and round trip commute of 2 ½ hrs. Guess that’s just how it goes sometimes. But on the bright side I was able to obtain more thread for the actual thread piece. And I worked a little here and there around the house and mentally prepared myself for the rest of the week. I am still exhausted but that’s how it goes.
perhaps
I think I have become a bit self absorbed lately. But then, who cares. I am pregnant, and I have high range of hormones and estrogen. Self absorption should be included in the whole package. After this pregnancy with Peanut, I am not sure how soon I will get knocked up again to show off the popping belly. Gotta squeeze the best out of this occasion. For sure!
Shall I add more salt to the wound of information? This teacher is married to a farrier. I have heard his name, it sounds familiar but that's all. She also claims to have several other horses at home, somewhere around 25-30 head from what I understand.
1 oz sweet vermouth
The medical area waiting room is in the middle of about 8 doors which open and close in a flurry of doctors coming out, x rays being stacked, people shuffled in and out of one room after the other. In the next hour I would see five people in white labcoats. In one door, check eyes, passed to different labcoat guy, check weight and height. As he writes the numbers on my chart, I suddenly say in English loud and clear, "Wow, must be those delicious French donuts!" I realize my crisis of nerve is really kicking hard now. He doesn't even look at me as I internally chastise myself for making some sort of Turrets inspired wisecrack about French donuts. WTF IS A FRENCH DONUT?...YOU FOOL...YOU IDIOT..WHY WOULD YOU SAAAAY THAT? TO WHO? IT WASN'T EVEN FUNNY ANYWAY....WHY WOULD THAT BE FUNNY?
Voters are strange when you’re a plonker
Using brown yarn, Ch 5, sc 4 starting at second ch from hook.
To make things easier for him I making this picture my screensaver on the computer so he can see what's on my wish list from Sweet Little Birdy.
If you didn’t like David Howe asking his girlfriend, her BFF and their other friends to hand out the awards at the ceremony, how would you have felt if they had been appointed to a jury that decided eight of the awards? And how would you have felt about them having the ability to secretly kick your books off the shortlist? I doubt David would actually have done that, of course, and had those people been on a jury I’m sure they would have fulfilled their duties admirably and conscientiously, but that's the power the awards administrator and the jury will now have. It's easy to trust a hypothetical juror. Think of people you don't trust (for some of you that'll be me!): would you want them to have that power?
(Another side note: This is a complete and utter departure from our usual bachelorette parties. Maybe we’re getting old? Or maybe we’re just trying to stay out of trouble? Hmmm..)
You will only be limited by your own imagination in this challenge. There is an unlimited universe of possibilities. You can post essays, short pieces of fiction, poetry, recipes, travel sketches, or anything else you would like to write about. You don't have to be a writer to do this. You can post photos, including samples of your own art or craftwork. Everyone who blogs can post from A to Z.
Bake about 15 minutes
let us dance in the mystical universe
April-glass-tinted, the yellow-aproned waitress;
However, Ellis Calcutt has denied rumours of any romance in that corner, insisting via Twitter that there is nothing going on between her and the 18-year-old singer because they’re just old school chum and she has a boyfriend.
websites, digitized information related to project progress is encouraged and may be used for development purposes by ASA or ALC.
Published in the February 2012 issue
-Portability – kids like to be able to take food products with them
400m Rack Hold Farmers Walk (1/2 bw)
How about you? Has your swimsuit shopping mission 2012 commenced? Or do you plan to avoid it like I have the past few years? I'd love to know if you see any cute swimsuits anywhere...let me know in the comments if I'm missing something cute (I'm sure I am).
I'm also ready to build a snow dinosaur with my nephew Owen.
Update: The Covey's brewhouse equipment has been sold to a start-up brewpub in Bangalore, India, and Fulton will be consulting with them for a few months as they get operations underway.
I love the comments and look forward to your thoughts.
On the tongue - Deftly complex and delightfully powerful. A dangerously easy-drinking high strength beer.
Anderson is being held in the Dallas County jail, and a bench warrant has been issued for Sayles, Wilson said. Neither man had an attorney listed in online jail records.
Post which of my books you'd like to win and feel free to join me for more giveaways by clicking on the links in the sidebar: twitter, FACEBOOK,goodreads, etc.
other right-wing expansions of government
For anyone who has little girls and lots of hair, this is a great site to get some new ideas!
The internet is astounding. Now, if you’ll excuse me, I have to go celebrate the Great American Grump Out, which, according to the official site, “includes no grumping, no frowning, no grousing, complaining, punching, slapping, hitting or killing. FOR ONE WHOLE DAY.”
We were together for a year and a half. I was pretty stupid about it too, because we started dating before she had completely broken up with her then-boyfriend. She had recently moved to my hometown and hadn’t broken up with her boyfriend. They were attempting to have a bit of a long-distance relationship, and I was simply too dumb to fully realize that she was cheating on him with me, and that she would likely cheat on me with someone else if given the chance. So rather than admit to my stupidity in every other sentence of this post, let’s just assume I’m always admitting to being a complete idiot when I was with her, shall we? In any case, I was happy as a clam to be with her. She was my first very serious girlfriend and was also my first lay.
Nadia, to me, is hands down one of the best Nia instructors/practitioners in all of Hawaii. Nadia & I are friends through Nia as well. I can’t even begin to explain how awesome her classes are. You may just have to check them out for yourself. What I appreciate the most from Nadia’s classes are her words. Sometimes when people describe things about the body, mind, & spirit it can come off as weird or contrived. Not in Nadia Nia classes. Her verbiage is excellent & fully descriptive for the body, mind & spirit. Nadia is based out of Kailua & I go to her Saturday classes as much as possible. The biggest lesson I’m learning in my body & mind right now is “it’s okay” & “it’s okay to let go.” I’m learning it because of my classes with Nadia.
It's no secret that I'm not averse to divey bars or sketchily run places and kind of get a certain kick out of them. But, I AM averse to paying cocktail prices way beyond what the experience merits. While the sneaky smoking area might pull in a certain clientele, the cocktails here will not. I can see it drawing a crowd of ironic hipster wanna-be's and patrons who are impressed enough by a change of pace from the common Parisian bar decor to be fooled into thinking it's something more than it is. But, for me, I'd rather have the Zov Ilicha in Russia. At least they had naughty pictures on the wall for entertainment!
Turbans were a pretty hot accessory in 2010 and earlier this year. If celebrity stylist, June Ambrose has her way, the turban reign will continue and become a staple accessory.
I have discovered that no one, not even the smartest man in the world, can avoid suffering. It is here, omnipresent, indifferent to intelligence, sincerity or faithfulness. Now the focus changes; I no longer hope to avoid suffering. I now must learn to use it to grow in grace. My character is defined by my response. Easily said; tough in application. I write this in a moment of test and ask your prayers.
Tomorrow the weather will be better, That's a promise.
“Both of them did not go out anywhere except to buy food,” said Gordon. “They didn’t play. They didn’t watch television. They didn’t do anything. There was nothing to do, and in England, in particular, they lived in a small seaside town that was kind of a forgotten place and everybody there was 80, so nobody did anything. The only thing there was for me to do was talk to them, and I realized not just by luck, at some point, early like 7 or 8 years old, that they had stories and that if I would unlock the door, they would entertain me.”
It was only later, when we came home that it dawned fully on me, how silly I had been… all the pains and ‘ifs’ came out… what if you were there by yourself, what if it had been Paul, could I have pulled him out? What if he had NOT been able to reach me?
6.) Do you choose to see the best or the worst in people? Why?
and carried her safe to the long grass.
2 cups walnut halves
Only 65 days to go! Whoooooooop!!!!!
I'm not sure who on the sideline will take the blame at this point, but there is talent oozing out their ears and they don't know what to do with it come game day.
Yet even these ones, stunned silly, cannot help but praise God—perhaps even in spite of themselves. Whatever the case, one thing is for certain: the appropriate response to the action of God’s grace, wherever it is seen, is to praise God and God alone. I can’t imagine there is anything else we can do but give glory to God who gives grace where no grace is deserved, to those who can do nothing to earn it, to those who barely have the strength and the power to even come before God and ask for it. As it is, the man asked Jesus for nothing that day with his mouth—we read none of his words. As it is, Jesus demonstrated God’s grace that day quite apart from the man’s merit. And God deserved all the praise.
Just last week, our offices moved in to a new building. Even though the work that I did was mostly behind the scenes, it feels good to look back and see the work of something that I helped to build.
But like a typical PAP, I turned away, I don’t want to know. I wanted to believe that “my people” were better than that. I think at our base, we are all tribalists because that is what we had to do to survive in our early human years. Instead of railing against racism, I think we should acknowledge that base human response and move on. Redefine how we see our tribes, or communities. It has already been done, most men think about women differently than they did 50 years ago, which given biological imperatives is pretty rapid change.
Grandma Townsend is a little better today.
Another realisation hit me today: this Jubilee Heart (it is the Queen's Diamond Jubilee this year, in case you didn't already know!) is my FIRST cross stitch completion of 2012. This is very unusual for me. Last year was a slow year for cross stitching for me, but I had still managed to complete at least one small project a month, and I think I had a total of 6 completions by this time last year. But this is my first of 2012.
The largest allocation of
That's right, Ryan and I both got a headcold this week and are still recovering. Emmaline, thank goodness (and thanks to breastfeeding) has not suffered at all but us parents are a different story. Ryan woke up Tuesday with a sore throat. We thought it was allergies but it got worse on Wednesday, the same day I woke up with a sore throat. Lovely. I won't go into the snotty details but it's been gross and we're both trying to stifle our coughs and sneezes so as not to wake up our lovely little baby all night!
I’ve off late been wondering how weird it is that people with most access to technology and the best means of communication are the most incommunicado. Or is it just those who are in my life who are like that?
And what of a seemingly-simple situation that suddenly becomes very deadly, very quickly?:Gregory Kirk Duncan didn't take too kindly to the way Christopher Spicer, a guest in his Greenville County home, was talking about a picture of his daughter in a cheerleading outfit. Duncan asked Spicer to leave, and he did — but not for long.
But before I carry on, a disclaimer. I haven't yet, at the time of writing, paid a visit to the Occupy movement at St Paul's Cathedral. I would like to, but, for reasons I will explain later on in this post, I still haven't made up my mind. I have, however, followed with great interest the wave of protests, uprisings and insubordination that has engulfed the world in the last twelve months.
In the movie of my life story, I would be played by… If Emma Stone’s not available, then David Spade. He’d have to don fake breasts and a brunette wig but I think he could pull it off.
Cats are drawn to catnip as well.
inside this fairy ring
He awakes
Talking about ethical oil is like saying guns don’t kill people.
those hours of practise and tuition
7:00-4:00-- Work at My Small Town High School. (Get flu shot at 2:30. Arm still hurts.)
protectively and possessively
Wiseman wanted to discover the best way to ensure that a lost wallet was returned. What would be the best thing to put inside it? He bought 240 wallets and "filled them with the same set of everyday items, including raffle tickets, discount vouchers and fake membership cards."
Once I ran to you (I ran) now I'll run from you
This group of Bersih peaceful rally participants were “inside” a restaurant just in front of the entrance of Masjid Jamek and beside the Karyaneka outlet. They were on the first floor of this restaurant, when our thugs came in , behaving worse than all of our gangsters put together ( Geng 18, 36, tiga line, etc etc ). Real Gangsters would come to a “table-talk”. Our PDRM gangsters resort to “table-smash” , “table-break” , “chair-smash” , “screaming-at-the-top-of-their-lungs”.. all just to show – who’s the boss.
There needs to be a period of training and development. Get their feet wet. We can actively recruit people
Mistake #2. Noh Omar, Muhyiddin Yassin and Khairy Jamaluddin all rushed to her defence, but not one of them addressed the question above.
The show in question adopts the format of the paranormal investigation. A group of characters set out to probe into hauntings. These characters include Fred, a typical alpha male; Daphne, a dumb but foxy redhead who is possibly Fred's lover; Velma, an intellectual (lesbian?) analyst; and a pair of pragmatic, hungry survivors, Shaggy and Scooby-Doo. The last character in this list lends his name to the show itself. Scooby-Doo.
happy birthday Leo!
shoes or sandals
And did I mention, it is crazy easy? I usually do this right after I've finished chopping a whole bunch of apples for a recipe (like this one), but you can also stick apple peels and bits in the freezer, if you're doing one apple at a time. Then when you've accumulated enough apple peels to your liking, you can use them!
(Karla May, stop reading this RIGHT NOW. You will no longer respect me for what I am about to write.)
take a picture of her mom and son for some Christmas
8) Invest in a vuvuzela or noisemakers. Throughout the day, blow it directly in your ear. This is a faulty step. It’s nowhere near as annoying as constant demands and tantrums. But we have to work with what we have.
Solar-energy technologies currently provide 0.05 percent of the total electricity generated globally. The insatiable demand for PV cells in Japan, Germany and U.S. has driven the unit costs from $11 per watt to $5 per watt. Solar power is becoming affordable as unit costs continue to drop in price. The solar industry is growing at 20-30 percent each year and projected to climb even higher for the next 40 years.
I’ll still snuggle with you at night
* There's no limit as to how long (but try and be reasonable please)
Phillip Wilson -Drums, Percussion
Even our own hearts can turn against our self.
Bigger than Jesus with the Woodstock crowd
Keep in mind this week your score will be the lowest you scored on any given test during the week. We may do five or only two who knows. . .
But then came the brilliant idea. Ryan and I agreed to call each other at 6:30am to talk about going to breakfast. Sure enough, we were up and about before seven and grabbed some infamous Maple Cafeteria vegan goodness.
The Galaxy S III is full but yet slim with only 8.6mm thick and weighs 133gms even if it has the largest display screen on its category at 4.8-inches. iPhone 4s, on the other hand, is at 9.3mm thick and weighs 140gms with screen size at 3.5 inches(diagonal).
Actually, I think one possible factor that feeds dissatisfaction of one's own dance is actually a good thing. That factor is consistency. This is the basis of any useful language. A "tree" is always a tree, and whenever the word is used it evokes the same understanding. And so is a lead always a lead and communication between you and your partner need not be encumbered by uncertainty. Of course, it is the innate creative drive that pushes us to seek new manners of expression. This inspiration, in our best moments, is what makes us poets on the floor.
We're pretty sure that Will Feral, the wild cat that has been hanging around, is dead. We're sure that there is a yellow cat that has been hit by a car on the highway about a quarter mile away- we're just not sure it is Will. We were never able to get close enough to really get a good look. sigh... THAT is why we don't let our cats roam outside. Cars fly down that highway at highway+ speed and don't stop for anything.
Source: Downloaded the audio from my local library
I hope your little math monkeys enjoy doing Today's Number as much as mine do. I allow my kiddos to choose their own two-digit numbers, and for some students, I encourage them to use three-digit numbers. (For any that do three-digit numbers, I tell them to show only the tens and ones for the tally marks.)
The fourth stonecutter was the busiest of all. While he worked he talked loudly and confidently to nobody in particular about his stone and the cathedral it would some day be a part of. But the stone he was working on was very small and so jagged that it seemed suited only to be a minor detail piece or architectural bauble. When asked why he was chipping so energetically at such a small block he looked up with a smug grin and said:
“Evidence?” I spluttered.
Other notes:Anyone else really f*cking hate downward-facing-dog pose? Dude. Kill your wrists much? Yowch. Maybe this gets better as your arm muscles develop or something.
I’d love to hear your ideas on this. I think there are many ways to develop Christian worldview, and we’re always looking for new ideas. Here are seven ways we’re currently working to teach worldview to our kids:
Death in life, as best to have!
During a visit to Liverpool in 1853, Gladstone made his first essay into political oratory before large public audiences -- an activity that other leading figures viewed with disfavor. His mostly irenic speeches about the outbreak of the Russo-Turkish War -- their advocacy for Turkish cause so hedged with reservations that any impetus for intervention was stopped short -- were well received in a locale where peaceful trade was favored over martial fervor.
But my favorite has to be "Missing in Action" by Jim Eanes &His Shenandoah Valley Boys. It's the story of a soldier who was wounded in battle, left for dead and taken prisoner by the enemy. But the narrator escapes and makes it home. Nobody was home, but when he goes in he finds a wedding photo -- his wife had married another guy. He then finds a letter to the Mrs. from the Army saying that her first husband was missing in action and presumed dead. The sad soldier doesn't want to spoil his wife's happiness, so he decides just to move along without letting his wife know he's still alive.
Canada is poised to become a major player in digital storytelling, thanks to the National Film Board of Canada and other local pots of gold for indie digital production.
Sources say the gang, comprising young Muslim men who sport "SOI'' tattoos, has sprung up on the Glitter Strip relatively recently.
Romans 12:4-8 says “For just as we have many members in one body and all the members do not have the same function, so we, who are many, are one body in Christ, and individually members one of another. Since we have gifts that differ according to the grace given to us, each of us is to exercise them accordingly: if prophecy, according to the proportion of his faith; if service, in his serving; or he who teaches, in his teaching; or he who exhorts, in his exhortation; he who gives, with liberality; he who leads, with diligence; he who shows mercy, with cheerfulness.”
The word “non-consensual” says it all, really. It speaks to the inherent violation, conjuring up images of non-consensual sex; i.e. rape.
FROG-DOGS do not mate as normal animals do. They are born from eggs lain by FROG-DOG QUEENS, which are enormous and corpulent. Not all FROG-DOG colonies have a queen, but all large ones will. FROG-DOGS will fight to the death to protect their queen, whereas otherwise they are inclined to withdraw when severely wounded.
Just wanted to let you know that I am sending positive vibes your way.
Just some regular lads. They had a variety of different jobs none of them were particularly excelling in their jobs. Some were fishermen, some tax collectors and other had occupations that are not written. I think that in today’s context it would be like bringing some McDonalds workers, a couple of bin men, a student or two, a few council workers possibly chuck in the odd unemployed person.
How do I deal with self-doubt and worry? I write more. I revise often. I also find an audience through publishing. If there's an audience waiting, there is no time or room for doubt. If you feel like sharing your freewrites, you can always send me links and I will share them here on the blog. I love helping others find an audience for their work.
I am over our obsession with food. Can there be more interest in art please?
Xypherous: But Lulu is a support. You’re trying to carry.
Return with your fangs and your claws,
And then we moved to Moscow in January 2010, slap bang into the jaws of the coldest winter in a decade.
I’ll take that as a yes, because I’m feverish.
As you read this note,please do not grieve. For,contrary to your feelings and sentiments now i am free — notwithstanding the four concrete walls and steel bars that confine me and the brave souls of Soc, Ernie Rod, Dean Malay, Prof. Gonzalez, Cris, Teddy C., Teddy B., Edward B. and Angel T. I am indeed free to think and feel the way I have always thought and felt.
I mimicked leaves by backing my 3 favourite items to buy with green paper ;)
At each corner I struggled as to how to handle the binding.
Problems with my teenager.. not sure if they are typical teenage crap or something more serious.. but working on figuring it out..
The routine is non-martial; the focus for the mindful movements include postures such as `Casting the Net’, Spearing the Fish’, `Punting’ and `Steering the Boat.’ It is not only graceful and meditative but has many health benefits.
Grey wedge heeled rainboots: Hunter
common sense, humor, and sensitivity, Let It Rise is an
I used the easel card fold again to finish my card. I just love how easy this is and yet makes such a special finish to any card, making it ready to display right out of the envelope! I've used his card a lot and shared it already a few times with you but this time I'm going to tell you how to make an easel card of your own.
As former Ambassador John Bolton pointed out in a recent Wall Street Journal opinion, “Mr. Obama knows that if he confronts Iran directly in Syria, any chance will disappear for a negotiated settlement to Iran’s quest for nuclear weapons,” adding that he should have known that “diplomacy will never persuade Iran to renounce its objective of becoming a nuclear power…the president cannot bring himself to admit his Iran policy’s failure.”
This is a delicious vegan/live foods place next to Ride Brooklyn. High prices are justified by the quality of food. I was impressed by the percentage of raw items on the menu - soups, sauces, breads, and more. It's a casual place - you order and pay at the counter. Perfect for lunch.
I didn’t take this picture at night, but rather in bad lighting on a brown scarf. Yes, I know you’re all jealous of my photography skills. But fear not, I’m taking photography in the fall!
My mother's murder:
Saint of the Day: St. Simeon (d. c. 107)
That meme alone has received over 68 “likes” since it was first posted on Facebook’s “ONU Memes” page Feb. 20.
What I talked about is building strong economic relationships, strong national security relationships. No one’s talking about force. Nobody’s talking about going into Cuba or going into Venezuela. It’s talking about the other countries in the region, which are being influenced greatly by those countries, that are tending and moving toward those militant socialists, instead of the United States.
2. You do not comprehend just about everything that relates to legal issues of the land.
Stanislaw said that Winters, 33, and Herbstreit, 38, first met in 2002 following a September 14 GameDay appearance in Columbus for a matchup between eventual national champion Ohio State and eleventh ranked Washington State.
The counterblast to climate skeptics that "Nature" magazine was so proud of has appeared. And it relies on either magic or circular reasoning. There's lots one could say about it -- and I am sure other skeptics will say it in due course -- but I want to point out just one thing: They say that a rise in CO2 caused Arctic ice to melt but they don't say where that extra CO2 came from! Did it just magically appear? Was it delivered from outer space?
but one thing I am SO very proud of
Farmer #2: We’ve done a great job planning and tomorrow it’s time to start working the earth.
Football Dataco Ltd and others v Yahoo! UK Limited Case C-604/10, Court of Justice of the European Union (ECJ), Advocate General’s opinion of 15 December 2011
Hal on the other hand doesn’t think he’s up to the task. A Green Lantern should be fearless and Hal has a lot of fear, quite frankly – mostly of failure. As a child, he watched his dad die in a plane crash before his eyes. Ever since, he’s been trying to live up to the legacy of a father who knew no fear and was the epitome of a hero. Hal is going to have to channel that kind of inner hero if he is to save the Earth.
Wearing a short white dress that showed off her toned legs, the 42-year-old beauty was fresh off of her hit FOX show’s latest results episode – during which she took the stage, once again, for a performance alongside her backup dancer beau, Casper Smart.
Luckily, it is seldom too late to start correcting blood sugar levels, but it takes time, patience, practise and guidance. The changes that
AP have a unique design of caliper for many Formulii, with their RadiCal (Radical Caliper) design. This being the way the inner and outer sections join via the complex bridge structure, to make it as stiff as possible. We can see the caliper is bridged in two places and a radial brace is also used. Keeping his area open is important for cooling the brake disc.
K&Company Lovely pp
And grow at will
As always the best in-depth coverage will be on TomVille Tonight.
Without my little toy to play
The Temple. Oh how much I love the temple!!
And someone else, whose creations I adore, has joined the team too. But my lips are tightly sealed (for now). We are both, needless to say, very lucky to be given the opportunity to play with such gorgeous vintage-style designs.
John MacArthur gives a list of New Testament references for James the Less (son of Alphaeus) and appears to favour the interpretation that the publican Alphaeus was James the Less’s father. He does not, however, think that James the Less wrote the Epistle of James:
Not far away is Pivovar Yokohama, the wonderful Czech styled small bar/brewpub, in the building housing the Yokohama Beer brewery. Recommended beers include the Anaconda wheat and the Scorpion Deathlock DIPA, if they have it.
Today life seems a bit unsure, not for us directly but for our eldest child (my step-daughter). She is engaged to marry the only guy she has ever loved, since she was 13 years old. They have a 10 year old son together, but they have not been together for all that time.
I'm tired. Tiiiiiiired. Newborns kick your butt. Charlie may wake up twice a night or five times a night. He may take a bottle and fall back asleep. He may take a bottle and stay awake for three hours. Or worse, a bottle and stay awake for two hours and forty five minutes, only to allow you a ten-minute nap before he wakes up for another bottle. He may cry for the greater part of the night, looking at you with a scrunched up, beet-red face of anger that makes you wonder if you were accidentally poking him with a fork like a wrinkly baked potato. And then all too soon, Oliver is up, either yelling the ABC's, calling out "Mommy were aaaaaaare yoouuuuu?" or screaming because his blankets aren't arranged just right. It's 2pm before I have enough micro-naps to get up to 6 hours of sleep. And that's if I haven't showered or fed myself.
There have been several versions of this score released over the years. In 1975 Herrmann conducted the National Philharmonic Orchestra in a recreation of the score in it's entirety. However, this release would mark the first time that the music was made available from the actual soundtrack of the film. A transfer from the original master tapes, which were recorded on high quality analog equipment, was finally made available to the public after 36 long years of waiting.
conglomerate media company. I knew it would hit the newsroom, but I always
I just know that between the bike riding and the kayaking I will barely be able to walk, talk or hold a pen tomorrow.
The Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) will probably allow the Singapore dollar to appreciate, as a way to combat inflation. This is effective as a stopgap measure, but it doesn’t address deeper flaws in the system.
Built in various stages through the nineteenth century, Jesmond Towers is a large Grade II listed gothic-looking building. It was bought by Charles Mitchell (shipbuilder) in 1869. Charles and his wife Anne, who he married in 1854, made the house their home. The lounge was home to many great paintings which were collected by their son who was great art enthusiast.
What gets me is not that some old man has gone completely off his rocker. That's just a fact of life that happens sometimes. What grinds my gizzard is that there are so very many willing to blindly follow him on his journey to la la land. Even when he tells them that he's based this prediction on just a couple or three Bible verses. Really? Seriously? Even if you choose to use the Bible as your authority on this question, it's quite a simple matter to shoot down this guys delusions as complete BS. Starting with (but not exclusive to) 'No man knows the day or the hour, not even the angels, only God himself'. Easy, no math or contortions required. Seriously, don't these people ever read their own Book?
Thank you Abba, Father, for your goodness...each and every day.
If you are looking for a place that will provide a sensory experience like no other in LA - head to The Bazaar. It's perfect for almost every occasion - from a date to girls' night out or happy hour with coworkers (Bar Centro is actually pretty lively, though in a sophisticated way) - to foodies who simply want to celebrate and support culinary creativity, which José Andrés has done an amazing job in demonstrating, is very much alive and well in LA.
Still, it’s sound advice. I was fine with Aaron Corp. More than fine, really. He shredded defenses at Orange Lutheran High and made a mockery of the CIF state championship game. He’s mobile, which is nice. (Correction: he’s mobile, which is fucking awesome in ways I can’t begin to explain but have something to do with a primordial fear of quarterbacks who can run and are from Houston and have the initials V.Y.) He avoided interceptions. That’s a big one, considering this season’s road schedule is going to hinge on turnover ratio. He’s put in his time, and who doesn’t want to see that rewarded?
Spare chain links (SRAM gold links)
Okay I know, manipulatives can be a pain! Having to pull them out and sort it before the lesson, training the students how to use them, and then clean up. It seems like it's so not worth the hassle when you look at the picture in front of you. However, if you were to look at the big picture, manipulatives are a key asset to any true comprehension in math.
Croquets of Fowel with Piquant Sauce ~ made with cold chicken seasoned with white pepper and mustered and rolled in a pastry, deep fried in lard, served on napkins with fried parsley.
Wore this outfit because I was anticipating it to be 65 degrees in Paris the other day, turns out weather.com lies and it only reached 60. Bummer. I'm so sick of rainy and grey weather, I'm ready to bust out some summer clothing, and not freeze my ass off whilst wearing it!
Slamming inside her in missionary
"'Season' is not in your address book. Would you like me to add it now?"
Having more homework than hours in the day, but somehow getting it finished on time. And even getting good scores! That's a miracle if I've ever seen one, but I wouldn't have experienced it if I hadn't had a ridiculous amount homework.
My verdict? I am very much enjoying this game, and I highly recommend it! The look, is fantastic! The artwork is quirky, cute, fascinating, and aesthetically wonderful! A visual masterpiece! And the story, is imaginative and addictive.
But I've known this. In my head.
1. Still working on my stationery business in a new state!
That’s what the boy wonder said when I told him about the end of a year. He is very aware that May 2 is his birthday and that he’ll turn 6. He’s been counting the days. He’s long had the key dates of the week memorized. His birthday is May 2. “The Avengers” opens on May 4. A friend’s graduation is May 5. His birthday party is May 6, and so is his mom’s birthday. He can recite them on cue, if needed. To him, this is a huge birthday, because what birthday’s aren’t? And I guess by throwing him a party he thinks we revel in the passing of another year the same way he does. When I told him I was somewhat sad about him turning 6 because I really enjoyed him at 5, Ian was surprised. It took him a moment to process.
Many thanks to Kirsty for accompanying me into the interview and for asking some truly insightful questions, as well as typing up the massive chat transcript! And many many thanks to the Midlands MCM Expo Press Office for giving us the opportunity to ask those questions in the first place! I'll be running into Tommy and Sandy again later on this week, when SARAH-JANE.tv will be jetting off on a trip to Los Angeles for Gallifrey One!
Text ~ front & inside done on PC
Yeah, that’s not in the story… not exactly. That’s what we call subtext, and I’ll talk about that some other time.
I figured I could assemble a mix of oats, fruit, nuts, and spices that my friend could easily pour into a cup and nuke at the office while checking emails. However, I wanted to make this look pretty. There’s a big difference between wrapping a box of instant Quaker and packing wholesome ingredients in a pretty container. Thanks to Google, I found this recipe as a base: http://blogs.familyeducation.com/parenting/moms/sweet-pea-chef/gifts-from-kitchen-20. I changed up some of the ingredients, subbing dried blueberries for cranberries, and dried dates for brown sugar. Anyone can use cranberries, but blueberries are so much more special! They are also full of fiber. Same for dates. I also made 1.5 times the quantity, because bigger is better. Except for your tush.
If you do, I promise you, you will never be the same again.
The site was called Shifter World and the homepage featured pictures of celebrities - mostly actors and politicians. Below the pictures of celebrities were words in red. Beware! These people are all shifters. That's why they're so successful." Pg 52.
You see, I don’t really want to get her christened. Because I don’t believe in all that ‘magic being’ stuff, the idea of it makes me squirm.
The Blood Elves sought the help of the Na’aru and the other races of Azeroth. The forces of the Burning Legion were driven back once more, and the Sunwell was restored.
Others however would valorise the self-same features. ‘The intolerable scandal in the time before Freudian sexuality was sanctified was that it was so ‘intellectual,’ wrote Lacan approvingly, who claimed to ‘recognize bad psychoanalysts…by the word they use to deprecate all technical or theoretical research…’intellectualization.” Lacan himself – with his ‘grafting of an ambitious philosophy of ‘the human’ on to an argument purporting to be a contribution to the study of specific mental disorders’- was of course exposed to exactly the same charge: ‘My own conception of the dynamics of the unconscious has been called an intellectualization – on the grounds that I based the function of the signifier in the forefront.’
Major Release Advances Image Quality, Performance and Workflow Flexibility for Photographers
We will be/are super busy in Salt Lake and I'll be sure to post all our fun.
The best part of Saturday night was all the left over food! We haven’t had to go grocery shopping yet!
Afterwards, I met up with some Austin friends for an intermittent dance party. No one had the energy to stay out on the floor the whole time, so intermittent it was. Yay for poorly conceived "sexy" photos, putting a certain inebriated lady to bed, and fantasizing about band reunions (Smiths, Jawbreaker, Archers of Loaf, Afghan Whigs).
It's challenge time once again, but before we get on to the next challenge we have to announce the winners from challenge 5.
from love you have cometh
i understand why people take money. usually, there is more than one reason. and their lives, surely, to get to such a desperate level – in much more disarray than my own periodically clouded judgment.
Hmmmmmmm.
Place mushrooms, garlic, and onion in a food processor. Pulse until the mixture is finely ground. In a large skillet, melt the butter and cook the mushroom mixture until very soft, about 5-7 minutes over medium heat. Transfer the mixture into a large bowl, add the refried black beans, ground turkey, salt, and pepper, and mix all together until very well combined.
I was raised a devout Roman Catholic. My mother was born and lived in Ireland until her marriage to my father — a union which happened to coincide with Hitler’s invasion of Poland. Having been swept off her feet by this handsome American, what relevance could a Blitzkrieg possibly have to my mother’s life?
Our next challenge here at the Sisterhood is going to be quite easy. All you have to do is create a card or project using at least one flower on it. I don't know about you but using just one flower is kind of like trying to eat just one Lays potato chip! ; )
“Spending on national defense, a core constitutional function, has declined significantly over time, despite wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. Meanwhile, spending on the three major entitlements—Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid—has more than tripled and is rapidly crowding out other programs.”
First course was "Pasture and Knoll". It was Connecticut Pheasant Terrine and Rhode Island Rabbit Mousseline. It was served with spicy ale mustard, Concord grapes, and American Chestnut bread. I have to say that they were a notch above certain Charcuterie that I may have tasted in the past few weeks. No, I will not divulge any names but it may be someone that I know VERY well...
I cheated on the tree with another tree.
Okay, that's it for me :D Catch ya later! Until then, stay crafty!
But we women — we’ve got it all figured out, don’t we? At ten years old, we’ve got our entire wedding planned (for me it was a double wedding with my friend, Kim), we’ve chosen the names for our twins (a boy and a girl, in case you’re wondering), and we’ve already selected the first minivan we’ll own (a 1987 Dodge Caravan with fancy wood paneling on the side). (Side note: Thanks to my cousins on Pequest Road in New Jersey, I had an abnormal obsession with minivans as a child.)
Of the neck I cannot catch,
Who won't anymore...
Skating around that familiar blue rink reminded me of Saturday morning skating lessons during my elementary school years. Admittedly, I am not the most graceful person you will ever meet, but for some reason I convinced my parents to pay for lessons and at one point I even had my own skates and one of those weird skirted leotard outfits. I'm not sure I was ever particularly good at skating, but I did skate my little elementary school heart out, and it was Springfield in the 1980's so who really cares anyway.
Match 3) Cody Rhodes def. The Big Show in a Tables Match to Win the Intercontinental Championship
A lot of people would ask me how I was doing. I would just say fine. I think if I replied, " I just want to die sometimes," I probably would have had a lot more attention than I wanted. I didn't want to talk to anyone, unless they had buried a child. There were two women at the time that I knew had shared in the same loss. I felt "normal" around them. I walked with one of them at the cemetery a couple months after loosing Isaiah. It was a blessing to just walk and talk with someone that was just like me. So much changes in your life, you become a "new" person. I was able to share my feelings, without being told that Isaiah was in heaven and happy. I already knew where Isaiah was. I didn't need to have it repeated over and over again. I needed to have someone just listen, and not say anything.
So was the upgrade worth it… well, the changes aren’t world shattering, but it does include a few new potentially handy features. And of course it is always good to keep your software updated. But probably next time I will wait till I have some time to do a completely clean install, to avoid problems I have been experiencing this time.
You may already have an amazing First Aid kit, but when was the last time you updated its contents? When I travel with my family, I always carry a backpack filled with essentials. The very day I think I will not be needing it, is the day a chaotic medical situation occurs. Don’t forget about your seasonal allergy medicines, insect repellant & sun supplies!
The market is my love. Last week I bought 2 large square punnets of Strawberries for £1.50. They’ve been eaten. Oh yes.
After the sun the rain,
Attack? by who ?
In another bowl, stir together sour cream or yogurt, the 1/2 cup sugar, milk and egg. Add these to the flour mixture and stir all until the mixture is just combined.
@mcsweeney
Looking ahead to verses 23-25 this prayer was answered for he could relate a message from God that lives would be spared and thus, bearing that testimony of the Lord.
We went to lunch at Hillary's Boat Harbour and shared a really yummy pizza at a place called Caesar's before moving over to San Churro Chocolatier for dessert. Then we had to go home and just lay around so we could digest our food before heading out for dinner! lol
Remember his sparkling blue eyes.’
and your delay is really ticking me off!
So on this special posting for today – take this as my hint, guys. If you’ve got a woman in your life who you’re interested in, take tonight or this weekend to do something nice. I’d be willing to bet that you’ll be happy with the outcome.
Many of you have heard the saying that "Lemon is my Chocolate". I like chocolate, but lemon is what makes my taste buds very happy. When I think of lemon, I think of a clean and refreshing taste. Plus, I think lemon is one of those universal fruits that makes perks up the flavor in otherwise bland dishes, such as creamed soups and steamed vegetables. My fondness for Greek food is because lemon is found in so many Greek recipes. Our garden has both a Eureka and a Meyer lemon tree. For those of you who aren't familiar with Meyer lemons, they are a hybrid that traces back to Mandarins. The skins are much smoother than the more common Eureka lemon, and the flavor does have a sweet note of mandarin.
And no damned gimmicks.
I am way too passionate. I read this great article about the different male archetypes, and while I found that I have an ok balance of many traits, I lean more towards “the lover”; romantic, artistic and idealistic, which could lead to perversion and addiction if I don’t stay in balance.
Mohamed Jallow is a former Colin Powell fellow. He graduated with a BA in International Studies in 2008, and currently pursuing and MPA at City College. He is a program associate at the Council on Foreign Relations.
Remove the tiramisu from the refrigerator about 30 minutes before serving, to bring it to room temperature. This will prevent the ganache from being too firm. Sift the cocoa powder directly over the top of the tiramisu.
Many times we blame others, and separate ourselves by using words like “them”, to protect ourselves from believing that the person’s situation that we are referring to is possible in our own lives. It is a kind of misogynistic denial.
Date: Wednesday, May 2, 2012
The real question is, will we handle the physical in a worshiping, obedient way? Oh for pure hearts, clean hands, and men and women who really want that honeymoon night to be sacred!
My head on a tornados path, for all destruction
allure?
All-in-all, businesses should consider commencing a social media strategy, if of course they haven’t already. The strategy doesn’t necessarily need to be perfected from the onslaught either. Through time and social participation, businesses can literally generate a social prescription for the company, which speaks from experience and contains a frame of reference for comparison.
For the accommodation of the guests the new residence was thrown open to the roof, whilst in the old residence, which adjoined, the orchestra was stationed which provided music for those who desired to indulge in the pleasure of dancing.
(The following names have been changed to protect their goofiness….and so I don’t get fired just yet.)
The Dread
Tell 7 things about yourself
xv) WIPO, as a U.N. specialised agency, shall considerably expand programmes for technical cooperation in IP related matters and qualitatively improve them, as well; bearing in mind the requirements of U.N. operational activities: neutral, impartial and demand-driven;
I was overjoyed when Kate was born with a beautiful dimple! It keeps getting deeper and deeper as she gets older!
Paper-All Seasons 1 pack by The Paper Studio, solid cardstock is CM
Monday was a rest day for her. Tuesday I rode before work. We did a 30 min hack that included a little 3 rep set of 1 min trot, 30 second canter. Simple.
And it’s driving me insane, not introducing myself. I’m a bit used to writing stories, things that I wish weren’t just fiction, and I don’t like holding back a narrator’s identity, you know? I know these silly little books aren’t supposed to be for other people’s eyes, but I think that maybe I’m going to break the rules here. It’s mine, after all. One day, this story will be my best, something fantastic and special, not just because it’s true. My name is Alexander, I’m fifteen years old, my auntie likes to call me Alex, my uncle prefers Zander, and I live in a world that’s probably a lot different than your’s.
I use a pizza cutter to slice the burritos into rectangles. Serve with lettuce, sliced olives, green onions, sour cream, and Avocado Lime Sauce (or you can use store-bought guacamole or avocado dip). Serves 8.
Cach's writing style pulled me deep into the story with its vivid descriptions and beautiful, smooth-flowing prose. I thought she did an expert job setting the mood and atmosphere for each scene entered into. However, there were a couple of times when it seemed that the details were done a little too meticulously, causing the writing to slightly slow in a few parts. There was also a minor over usage of exclamation points. However, both of these things may have been adjusted in the final copies and I thought that, overall, Cach had a gorgeous writing style.
His thirteen-year-old mind was full of unanswered questions but he was sure of one thing that no rotten apple was rotten till the core. There always is chance of finding a soft unspoiled creamy white fragrant part inside.
About 11 I went below to my stateroom. After a short conversation with my father and mother, and saying good night to them, I stepped into my room to put on pajamas expecting to have another delightful night’s rest like the four preceding.
Mary: Well, the rest of our slots are booked today. We can see you tomorrow at..."
Connor tod me they (C&G) needed litmus paper for their science experiment, so I dug into the box of science paraphernalia and found the red and blue litmus paper. I learned that toilet bowl cleaner is acidic. I always assumed it was akin to Draino, and a base. This could be useful information if I am locked up in a storage shed and there is a bomb timed to go off in 23 minutes and all I have to aid escape it is chewing gum, toilet bowl cleaner, and duct tape.
What one thing did you learn by writing a sequel? That I could do it! That I really could continue Byron’s story.
This is not a Monday Morning Blues post, as you can no doubt tell—& my apologies to the music loving readers out there. I know the Monday Morning Blues & Banjo Friday posts have been sporadic over the past month or so.
The Samsung ML 1710 Printer – By Using a Compatible Toner, You Can Be More Eco-Friendly
Here are the fabulous educators that I have spent each Wednesday evening with for the last three months. Tonight was our last class together. We celebrated the great work we completed over the semester and enjoyed each others company for a few hours. It always is nice to talk to other teachers and share (or vent) what is going on in our classrooms. I have so enjoyed working with this group and hope to see them in classes I take in the future.
I, for one, don’t want to spend my work life surrounded by cynics. They drain my energy. They drag me down and suck all the joy out of living. I had an acquaintance (cynics can never be real friends to anyone, including themselves) when I was in college whom we all laughingly referred to as the “black cloud.” He was certain that behind every silver lining, there must be a black cloud. But just ask him to do something about it, to take an active role in solving a problem, to be personally involved and accountable for making a situation better, and watch him run away as fast as he could. He cared just enough to criticize, but never quite enough to make things better.
You’ll Never Know My Love – Edwyn Collins
Other benefits to becoming a fan:
- 1 Nutter Butter granola bar
For about two months now I have been addicted to French 75s. But here is my problem, they are never the same. In the past week I have had them in five different places (don’t judge), in two different cities, and they are never the same or even in the same type of glass!! Drives me crazy!!. So here is the breakdown.
So my question is, where do you all buy your coloured (or white because I need that too) cardstock?
So, how have I made it.
It may be done to relieve symptoms without the need for complex diagnosis. Chinese massage is commonly used to treat back strain, pulled muscles, tendinitis, sciatica, rheumatism, arthritis, sprains, and similar ailments.
In my experience, most of the delays in responding to MPs’ correspondence is due to the challenge of finding which is the correct department, division and policy team to handle the specific piece of correspondence. I have wandered many-a-mile in the Whitehall jungle to try and find who is best placed to respond to MPs’ correspondence. I never liked chucking stuff back at the system for some other poor soul to deal with the issue – every extra day stuck in the correspondence system was one less day for the policy team to research a decent response.
I had to get back to Oxfordshire that night and go to pick up my books next morning before giving them out at Bampton Library. Which did not leave me much time for filling in the numbers in the back of the books. But I managed it. And got given a book myself! (All Quiet on the Western front, which I had never read).
WHY I LIKE HER
-Camaal.
Why save when they live for today
peaceful presence in that!
"Jelly doughnuts. They're like an instant orgasm for your tongue." --Pg. 134 of "Slide" by Jill Hathaway
Icewolf: The most perfect abstract character combination in existence.
My #1 pet peeve. Good is an adjective. Therefore, it describes nouns. Well is an adverb, and those words describe verbs. For instance, GOOD JOB is the describing the job that was good. YOU DID THE JOB WELL is describing the process of the job being done.
I will embrace it.
I wanted to use some distressed corrugated cardboard as my card base. It gives a great support and has a masculine texture. I inked the edges with Clearsnap ink in Chocolate and Blueberries
So all the single ladies, all the single ladies: if you could please PUT YOUR HANDS UP.
Another truth we learn from this story is that God’s presence can positively affect every area of your life. In Genesis 39:3, everything Joseph did prospered. God’s presence in your life can positively affect you spiritually, physically, mentally, financially, socially and ministry-wise. This implies that the one who has God with him will observe that he or she is making progress in every area of life. 3 John 2 will be a reality in the life of such an individual. Yes, it is possible to be blessed all round! Usually, most believers notice God’s blessing in certain areas while some other areas are left out. The true mark of God’s tangible presence in your life is that every situation in your life responds positively to His Will. Using this standard, can you truly say that God is with you? When people observe the presence of God in a man, they will like to draw close to him. People like to associate with rich, influential and successful people. Although Joseph entered Potiphar’s house as a slave, yet his master later became proud to be associated with him. Today! The presence of God upon your life will cause men and women, friends and foes to take pleasure in associating with you, in Jesus Christ Name! Amen!
2) This is a new beginning. A scary one, but new nonetheless.
Saucony running shoes provides a soft ride with good stability and a great transition from heel to toe. These shoes also provide extraordinary foot protection and are very light in weight so you can enjoy your running and you can perform well.
Thank you for your consideration, and I look forward to hearing from you.
and generally enjoyed fresh air, exercise, and a jolly good natter!
To fix the issue that CSS doesn’t load, I will have to add the CSS/JS folder into IgnoreUrlPrefixes. Foe example, if my CSS and JS folders are “/css_folder” and “/js_folder” respectively, my IgnoreUrlPrefixes will be
No news on Jon Carew’s future as yet. He’s out of contract with Aston Villa in the summer and Pulis may offer him a contract, although he hasn’t played much for us since joining on loan in January due to injuries.
A few weeks ago I made a couple of batches of banana bread, attempting to improve it but ultimately deciding that the first recipe had been the best. You can recap that experiment here. Still convinced that I could improve the recipe, I made another batch with a couple of changes, and LOVED IT TO PIECES. So this morning I attempted to recreate the amazing version so I could share that recipe with confidence.
I would like for those of you who worked closely with John in one capacity or another, to help me, over the next weeks and months, come up with ideas for the best vessel (organization, university program, scholarship, foundation, prize, etc.) for furthering John's message going forward. I would like to make a donation toward such an effort from some or all of the funds that come from the assessment project, as well as offer my support as a cheerleader and, if it would help, meeting facilitator or communicator.
Well, it is painfully obvious to the People that those are not our
being found in some plastics, people have become very wary, and want to know
i have attended this show for several years now, and i always come back energized and sparked up with encouragement and optimism about my work in this industry at large, and about my personal growth as an artist and a crafter. onward and upward!
Varies, on fingertips typically on edges or ends of hair before styling.
2 tablespoons of honey
I'm sure that, despite the nice weather, I'll have down days where I'm still not completely crazy about my stay at home gig but I know that, with the sunshine, serotonin, and my sweet, sweet girl, I'll feel SO MUCH BETTER than I did this winter! Hooray for Spring!!
Squeeze in lemon juice for your taste.
05. Vai Vedrai
(‘Slighted’, incidentally, seems to me a rather marvellous term - it retains a whiff of the drawing-room faux pas while in fact meaning here the partial destruction of a building so as to make it useless as a stronghold. Poor Kenilworth Castle had its battlements, parts of its outer bailey and one wall of its great tower destroyed.)
Kelly retained her title with her X-Factor and won. Eve accompanied her to the ring to second her and made sure that Nikki Bella did not interfere.
“Nobody” she replied.
You may want to settle down and say in your heart that you have found that which the Lord wants you to do. It may indeed be but a stepping stone to the next level of your life. As an example of this, after Paul was saved he sought to preach Christ in Damascus. It did not work out well for in Acts 9:23, “the Jews took counsel to kill him.” This is the time when he had to escape their hands by night escaping over the wall in a basket.
"No. I'm not. I want them to pay and I want you to help me do it."
Outside, fans rave and shout, as word spreads through Twitter and Facebook, about an impending ABBA reunion concert that will happen on Agnetha’s property, the very next day. Even the media is talking about the mystery concert – the only problem being that no one has yet heard a word from ABBA itself.
Garlic Oil (optional) or you can just use olive oil
Be sure to do research on your pet and discover any heredity problems that you and your vet should keep in mind. For example, bigger dogs should be checked for hip dysplasia and vitamins should be dispensed for joint problems.
The winner of our $20.00 gift card to the 7 Kids College Fund store, chosen by random.org, is
Coffee ice cream is my all time favorite one. So when ever we go to my favorite creamery near my house I used to order the coffee sundae. They mix-up salted almonds, toffee and caramel sauce to coffee ice cream. YUM! YUM!
The benefits are not limited to the financial prowess of the management team. Owners of REITs aren’t going to receive phone calls at 3am to fix an overflowing toilet!
I have to admitt, I am chuckling! Obvioulsy today’s post is about Naikan, a method of self-reflection. In preparing to wirte, I was searching for other blogs and sites that mention Naikan. To my suprise, up popped The Huffington Post, and an article written just a few days ago. Back in the late 70's friends used to mavel at the miracle of synchronicity: “Synchronicity is the experience of two or more events that are apparently causally unrelated or unlikely to occur together by chance and that are observed to occur together in a meaningful manner.” HuffPo and my brain.
I managed to read 2 full books — Shadow, by Michael Morpurgo and Distant Shores, by Kristin Hannah — as well as about 100 pages or so more of The Historian, a book I started to read during the Bout of Books readathon two weeks ago (and, yet, I’m still not halfway through it!). I was hoping to get around to reading The Secret Garden today, but thought my time would be better spent continuing The Historian, since it’s been quite a few days since I’ve read anything from it.
In Spain the average distance traveled by car per person is 18,837 in 2005 and is project to shoot back over 25,000 in 2010 due to increased fuel efficency. Spain has 19,524,000 cars on the road(2004) with the number of roads increasing to fit the demand. As of 2006 there were over 4000 accidents a year in Spain which is down form previous years 9000 in (1990) so safety issues are being addressed.
My need for appetising lunches at work is really the only thing on my mind right now so it's about time it was reflected in my book shelf. I bought a copy of The Just Bento Cookbook because I adore the blog. I was a little hesitant. I don't do much buying of non-vegetarian cook books at the moment, I can't really afford to buy something I'm not going to use the hell out of, but I took the chance. Based on the blog and the cover I assumed that the meat dishes where going to be a small portion of the book rather than the main event. There are lots of vegetarian and vegan recipes in here, I'm very happy to be right.
You may have been wondering why I have not been so active here on my Blog. Well, I've had a lot going on in my life right now and a few projects as well.
Shortly after the grant announcements, I was contacted by an editor who was interested in reading the manuscript. Funny enough, I didn’t feel it was ready to be seen yet but told her I’d send it when it was. In January of this year, I attended the SCBWI Winter Conference in New York. I introduced myself to that editor who asked again when I was going to send the manuscript. She also asked me if I had an agent and instructed me to introduce myself to Michael Bourret, who also happened to be at the conference.
Then that'll be that. His fifteen minutes will be up and hopefully he'll blow his brains (or whatever is in his head) out.
Take a look at the upper screen shot that shows the results of a very simple search I did on Google about how long ago I started on Twitter. It shows what Google thought were the most likely places I wanted to go after typing in just the first couple of words. I could be mistaken, but it looks like a lot of long-distance-running farmers had been Googling recently.
The only relationships discussed in the film relate to son and father (so much akin to Zvyagintsev’s The Return), women are objects of pleasure (as wife, illicit lover, and prostitute) and memory (to be captured on still film, as well). Aist the writer has called his story “The Buntings”, birds of the sparrow family. We are shown two buntings in a cage which accompany the two main characters on their journey. One would have assumed the suggested parallels are between Aist, the narrator, and the widower Miron. When you sell a pair of buntings, it is often a pair of birds of the opposite sexes. The parallel suggested by Aist the story-writer relates to Miron and his dead wife, Tanya.
In my 30s I was having babies so while I know I wore makeup, I sure don't remember putting it on. I barely remember what I was wearing, what I was thinking, or what I was saying during my 30s.
As with most of these recipes, it uses a few simple ingredients and comes together quickly. It would probably go even quicker if I just cut the dough into squares, but I use small bone-shaped cutters to make her treats. I also use round cutters and even have one that looks like a little cat that I have used from time to time. This time I just used the circle and the bone-shaped one.
From satin cases poured in rich profusion;
My goal in this discussion has been to find a creed/confession that all true Christians can wholeheartedly give assent to. I am not interested in finding a formula that non-Christians cannot affirm, because such a creed will, I believe, be used by some Christians to exclude other Christians who simply believe differently in certain inessential areas. In the same way, I am not interested in constructing a rule of faith, but rather in formulating universal Christian beliefs; think of this task more as descriptive theology than prescriptive theology. My goal is to have a formula that every Christian can say without reservation, thus providing a tool to unify the Church. To that end, I will survey the confessions of the first 350 or so years of the Church, establish some criteria by which to judge them, and come to a conclusion about what I think should be the universal Christian Creed.
It's windy.
hand numbered 1-350; signed by Clive Barker and illustrator Richard Kirk; leatherbound; fine endsheets; bound-in satin ribbon page marker; traycased; includes bonus appendix material printed in full color: previously unreleased art as well as an early treatment/synopsis and original typed and hand-edited manuscript pages for Weaveworld when it was inititally conceived as a children’s book
Enjoy your day and thanks for stopping by!!
Much as I dislike the idea of continuing to line George Lucas’ already over-flowing pockets how could I not go to see The Phantom Menace in 3D? Even if it wasn’t in 3D you would still find me buying my ticket. Star Wars needs to be seen on the big screen. The sound, the music, the effects!
No more light turned on at the end of the day - or before daybreak. No more fresh water every couple of hours - treats - show game feed - sweet talk - heater in the winter - fan in the heat of summer - putting their food out in the little yard so they can “ dine like they’re southern belles eating brunch out on the viranda. “
It finally came to a point where I had to decide on a breed for the middle brown horse. Once again, I ran a google search and looked up brown horses. I saw some beautiful Spanish Mustangs that I liked, so I decided to color him as a nice, rich brown that darkened into almost black accents. Since he was to be the focal horse, I put the most work into him so he would stand out more.
Admiral Bruce Clingan; Admiral Samuel Locklear III, Commander, U.S. Naval Forces Europe-Africa, and Commander, Allied Joint Forces Command Naples; Admiral James Stavridis, NATO Supreme Allied Commander Europe and Commander, U.S. European Command; Admiral Jonathan Greenert, Chief of Naval Operations; and U.S. Army General Carter Ham, Commander, U.S. Africa Command at the February 24 command ceremony in Naples at which Clingan replaced Locklear as Commander, U.S. Naval Forces Europe-Africa and Commander, Allied Joint Forces Command.
of my knowledge and ability, I will support and defend the Constitution
Gambaccini denies the allegations and is reported, under intense questioning from the police, to have offered the same anecdotes about a life gone to waste, a powerful singing voice, and favourable comparisons with Mariah Carey, that he had exclusively remembered for all news networks, newspapers, and any passing blogger with a microphone, on Sunday morning.
“I think we have what it takes to repeat again, absolutely,” Garcia said. “The target is on our back. We know it’s everyone’s championship game when they play against us and we welcome it.”
I love a man who lives to make his art. The only way he can live in this world is by writing songs I know like my eyelids on a summer's day, songs into which he pours all the beauty he can find. He is possessed by creation and newness. I am not like him. I am possessed by the world, by what is here, and what is gone. I write these words to find the girl and her little brother with their mother's green eyes, and their little brother with their father's blue eyes. One day, I will not be vague, I will not hide from my sadness (I cannot control it, my 2nd greatest wish is to cry). I might even do what I told you I would do.
Noted Middle Eastern scholar Rachel Sharon-Krespin writes: “His (Gulen’s) followers target youth in the eighth through twelfth grades, mentor and indoctrinate them in the isikevi, educate them in the Fethullah schools, and prepare them for future careers in legal, political, and educational professions in order to create the ruling classes of the future Islamist, Turkish state.”
Mr Aptroot, how about the Thatcherite dogmas of your party (and some other parties) which caused these railway problems in the first place. The Dutch Socialist Party and others had proposed to re-nationalize the railways before; the VVD, now Johnny-come-latelies after the Amsterdam disaster and before the September parliamentary elections, opposed that then.
Anyway, the NCIS episode ended with the crew showing Bob Newhart’s character a video montage of all the work he’d done there, including all the people he’d helped. The following song was also playing during those closing scenes. While I’m not much for all the religion in the lyrics, I do love the sound and the imagery is awesome!
a small bunch of chives, cut into 3 cm lengths
In contrast, the protagonists to our Muslim Troubles will suffer, as we have said, from the mutual impermeability problem. As such, we can be sure that one of the most effective weapons against the PIRA will not be available in the army’s attempts to reconnoitre Muslim areas and put Muslim paramilitaries under surveillance. This will increase the dependence of the army and security services on informers within those communities and the use of technical and electronic surveillance, all of which have their own drawbacks.
The back will be something fun and soft!!
To make your elastic casing, you want to stitch all around where you've pinned, leaving about a 2" gap at the back of your skirt to insert your elastic. I back stitched at the beginning and end of my stitch to make sure it didn't unravel while I was putting my elastic in.
Except for one plane that landed in the then Soviet Union, the other planes ran out of fuel and the crews bailed out.
The ones that I keep telling myself that don’t exist
We even snuck away for a little ride around the farm.
And so was Lance.
Cline recorded the song the next week in one take, a version completely different from the demo. It became a classic and, ultimately, Cline’s signature song—and the one for which she remains best known. In late 1961, the song was an immediate country pop crossover hit, and also constituted her biggest pop hit, making the Top 10. Loretta Lynn later reported that the night Cline premiered “Crazy” at the Grand Ole Opry, she received three standing ovations.
Haute Hippie.
It's clear that, of the small number of authorities who are formally part of the network, all are at different stages of developing their ideas - and not all are necessarily developing the same ideas.
The ribbon I am not too sure about as it was also only a little piece I had lying about, so I will have to lie if I told you which make/brand it is....lolOkay the Papers and basically everything on this card was out my scrap box and the odds and ends box.....
Dawdlers are usually to be found at airports or train stations, or indeed any other location frequented by people in a hurry. Shopping centres on a Saturday afternoon are also a popular venue, and it is of course here that they can really spread out with shopping bags or other props to hinder a safe passage through to the car park before your ticket runs out.
Carrie Ann: When is that? LOL. Usually I read or cook. I’m quite boring. Though I’m turning into a Sci-Fi Geek thanks to Netflix. Any recommendations?
2 – Light
And so my mind begins to memorize
-Release pressure after 1hour if using for dishes which require crumbling or else release after 2 hours for the paneer cubed pieces so that it doesn't break.(Cut into cubes and refrigerate for further use.)
So what are your overdone strengths? And what can you do to resolve them?
This was not a day I cared for as a child after a certain point in my growing up, or even as an adult child. My mother is dead now so the issue is moot except where my own kids are concerned. I get phone calls on the appointed day just because they do love me (at least I hope that's what motivates them), unlike my own feelings for my mother whom I did not like very much and held any love I might have had for her in abeyance so that any call or gift she got from me was strictly out of duty. She was a selfish self centered woman and I could expect no real affection or even interest in my life from her in return. Our jobs as her children; my sister, my brother, and I; were to orbit her
You see dear comrades here is just the latest peg in that chessboard of WEIRDNESS that we are suppose to somehow accept as “normal.” Now the agenda seems to be that we are suppose to accept sex with animals, beastiality, as “ok” and “just fine.” As nothing WEIRD or STRANGE or SICK! I bet we see more articles like this as this article will embolden the other LUNATICS to come out and tell all about their SEXUAL exploits with ANIMALS. Just watch! This is just the beginning. It’s called desensitization! And we wonder whay the human race is so SCREWED UP and why our country is in such WRECKAGE? No wonder Barack Obama thinks we are a bunch of INBRED IDIOTS in America! Behavior like this does everything to PROVE IT so!
By writing about my growing list of age related restrictions, I hope I’m being philosophical and not whinny. At 60, I’m only getting a hint at what it means to be really old, so I think I need to psychologically prepare myself for being a decrepit old dude that can’t remember shit.
"Fine," or "Okay, I guess," or maybe, if you were lucky, you got a "Good."
Stamps: Designed2Delight "Spring Cupcake"
There's a number of people who are getting miffed about fines for not touching in or out at barriers with their Oyster cards. The maximum amount for not touching in & out increased to £6.50 last month, up more than 8 per cent from last year. Now a group of commuters are campaigning about being fined particularly on the Docklands Light Railway, where there are fewer actual barriers than on the London Underground.
You can always tell when
I've really been into mushrooms lately. I've been eating them raw in my salads, adding them to soups, and sauteing them over my food. I usually buy the little packages of sliced white or small portobello mushrooms, but this time I went for the large portobello mushroom caps and experimented to see what I could come up with.! I made this for lunch today and really enjoyed it. I ate it with a salad and had some fruit for dessert.
Indradyumna said, “O the best puruSa, by our grace, I have received that unique knowledge of the brahman, free from doubts which gives the ultimate joy. Now tell me O jaganmaya, yogEs’a, what should I do? I salute you O Bhagvaan Vasudeva!”
Yes, there might have been a case or two of women dying - usually not at the check points, by the way, but on their way because their stupid husbands didn't get them medical help in time. I don't know if you have children or have ever given birth. Perhaps you don't know that it isn't the most predicable of events. A Palestinian woman shows up at a check point moments from giving birth - she's not going to make it to the hospital and there are far more cases of soldiers helping in the birth than there are of women losing their lives. From a medical stand point, most women don't die because they don't give birth in a hospital...they just give birth where they are.
She was also a respected amateur botanist, mother to the most prominent early faculty member of the College of
Now we were somewhere that looked like it was between terminals, more like a small parking area. I sat on my pack, exhausted, dry-mouthed, weak and exasperated to end up with no money lost in a French airport without our tickets. Josh ran over to what looked like a service entrance to a large building to ask for help. In just a minute he ran back.
Rise Of The Cybermen
“Cleanse them. Cleanse the world of their ignorance and sin. Bathe them in the crimson of …Am I on speakerphone?”
I'm also going to recommend hiring a doula - even for a scheduled c-section. Teri (http://harmonydoula.com/) helped keep us calm while we were waiting and did some visualization while they "massaged" my belly after the operation (you know it's gonna hurt when the nurse says "ok, hit your morphine button.) But most importantly - she taught us how to breast feed. Some of those images (my absolute favorites) are in the slideshow.
Ale yeast
more mortal down the years
It must be used wisely because dreams do come true! The Fairy Godmother´s Wand and magical Follydust (along with a smaller Magic Wand for the less adventurous) can be found in our Online Shopping pages in the Home Accent and Gifts section.
Susanne M. Glover, OHIO,USA
Apparently Boldt sees supporting the conservative point of view as “nothing being accomplished.”
Paper: Kraft cardstock, Blu Raspberry and Berrylicious Pop-Tone by DiscountCardstock.com
Also we ut new 80 rod fence on “80<U+2033> steel posts in and 1 wire today
machine sewn,
He was then taken by his captors to the infamous Al Qala – the ministry of interior headquarters in the capital, Manama, and incarcerated for four weeks without any criminal charges being made. During his illegal detention, Al Raas was severely tortured.
Since they each had 11 questions, I'll just combine them into one 12 question list (to make it even).
“Thanks, Jeremy. Wow . . . that’s an interesting plant.”
I didn't really know what I wanted to do with this mani so I just started stamping and adding random things! Lol! I stamped with Konad m36 and sponged Kleancolor My Valentine onto the tips (I must do another mani with this glitter because it's so gorgeous!).
“An embarrassed silence ensued.”
7) Beyond that there are many good ideas and I’ll need to look at them and decide on priorities.
Being the frugal person that I am, one year I decided I would make and mail my own gift baskets. It was very time consuming, very expensive, but fun for a one-time activity. I created a home entertainment basket with microwave popcorn, Milk Duds and Raisinets, a few well-chosen video tapes (before DVDs became the in-thing!) and a few other items. Being of Italian descent, my favorite home-spun basket is called "A Taste of Italy." It includes pasta, sauce, good Romano cheese, bread sticks, olive oil, wine and some delicious traditional Italian cookies!
Sometimes in life we drift apart from people we were once close with. This can be healthy. Surround yourself with people who love you and allow you to be the person you are destined to be. Do not let someone else’s worry and despair get you down. Rise to the moment and show your inner greatness to the world.
Some hold that it should be possible to legally challenge political manifestos, yet where this has been attempted courts have held that an elected member ‘ought’ to give considerable weight, when deciding whether to implement policies put forward in a pre-election manifesto. However elected representatives must not treat themselves as irrevocably bound to carry out pre-announced policies contained in election manifestos. Moreover The Court of Appeal held that to hold that the pre-election promises bound a newly elected Government could well be inimical to good government. It was one thing to say that an administration properly and morally ought to have regard to its pre-election promises. It was another to say that it must have regard to them and a yet further thing to say that it must ordinarily act on them. The law went nowhere near that. The Court of Appeal emphasised that it did not wish any encouragement to politicians to be extravagant in their pre-election promises, but when a party elected into office fails to keep its election promises, the consequences should be political and not legal. (source) So we see that pre-election promises are not legally enforceable, which begs the question why do politicians make pre-election promises that they cannot keep? This may be because it is easy to promise dramatic changes to the law when not in Government, but more difficult to make them work in practice. Also, when elected, the party may have more information available to them and realise that the pre-election promises are not very practical. On that last point I would contend that if the required research had been carried out properly then politicians would be aware of the point about practicality. This is especially so where this country's membership of the European Union is concerned and when politicians promise action in an area that is a competence of the EU.
Fills all the hollow of the sky.
Cover with plastic wrap and allow to rise in a warm place for 1-2 hrs. Divide dough in half. Roll each half out into a 12 inch circle on a piece of parchment paper. Top as desired.
Once in a blue moon, a show captivates me, I put down the books, and I become an addict. This occurred with Sex and the City, The Sopranos, and more recently, Mad Men.
You can take over a hireling in the short-term, or you can roll a new character.
15 years ago, not too many people ventured into these areas unless they lived there or made money on the streets. Notorious, the bio-pic film about Christopher Wallace, gave a glimpse of the drug trafficking going on in the neighborhood. But this didn't reflect on the entire population of the place. For the majority of the residents, it was a love-hate relationship with there home surroundings.
A few months ago, Andrey Arshavin was shipped back to Siberia to represent the club he made over 300 appearances for and was instrumental in their league win in 2007. In his first spell at Zenit, he gave the two assists that were needed to sink Rangers in the 2008 Europa League final. In the same year, he dazzled Manchester United in the UEFA Super Cup to win the trophy for his Russian side.
Sunday involved packing up my seattle bedroom to ready it for the pod, which arrived Monday morning. And thank god for Kamel, my father, and Claire who waited around for a bajillion hours for the pod man to arrive and then lugged (were currently lugging while I wrote most of this post) all of my furniture and boxes of books down three flights of stairs and into a shipping box. And now we wait until next monday. Ugh!! this whole month of moving thing has been a trial unto itself. My advice to anyone moving - as much as it sucks - do it in a week or less. The slow death of an apartment in favor of another leaves you furniture-less and with no place to sit or eat meals. It makes being home awfully lonely. But next week Kamel and I will really be home! Sitting on our couch! Cooking in our kitchen! And finally sleeping in my amazing pillow top queen sized bed. Oh the naps to be had!
On the subject of boredom, I have also been having increased difficulty watching performances. It pretty much doesn't matter who it is, I often find myself getting distracted somewhere in the middle. Usually I find myself tuning out because I am imagining what I would do at a certain point in the music, or how my overall conception would be different. Or if they get into a particular position or do an interesting figure I imagine what I could do with that position or figure, what the possible entrances and exits and expressive uses could be. Worst of all, sometimes what I'm seeing just looks like something I've seen a million times before. It is this last thing which most disturbs me. Uniformity, in my opinion, is symptomatic of fad mentality, and if we're not careful it will sink tango back into relative obscurity. Which, perhaps, is inevitable anyway. To what degree and in what matter of time is the question. And, I suppose, whether it goes down with dignity or as a caricature of its true self.
Airlines that are not competitive, bogged down with cumbersome work rules, old aircraft, high operations cost as well as having quite regular unions
The Tiger's Wife by Téa Obreht (due out in 2010, the short story in The New Yorker a few weeks ago was awesome, yes, once again it relates to cats).
The awesome Annie Spandex tagged me! She says it's the Over The Top award. Everyone I know is over the top! We are the Over The Top branch of the interweb, and I like it that way.
Are you unable to watch TV without munching on something? Is the excitement of a road trip partially due to potential gas station snacks? Do you use food to pass the time at an especially boring job? How about when you can't sleep at night, do you find yourself perusing the refrigerator?
I hope your week is off to a great start. It's hard to believe that it's May already.We've had plenty of April showers so I'm ready for those May flowers. It's Tuesday already and you know what that means...its ColourQ time. I love this weeks colors. They are so bright and cheerful.
Destroy 25 turrets.
By Liz Goodwin, National Affairs Reporter
there were
(Exodus 32:1-6, 19-20)
So, I tried my hand at re-creating it in a “lightened-up” way – it obviously doesn’t taste exactly the same – but I think it’s pretty bangin’ delicious! I made this for a main course, but I’m sure you could serve it as a delicious appetizer for a few people as well!
The media and pr internship would take place at one of two offices-either SpotLightSeattle or Realogics Sotheby’s and will focus on, among other things, writing, strategy, social media and media outreach. There would also likely be some administrative components. The internships would be unpaid and for school credit, and can be flexible in terms of time of year, scheduling and length of internship.
As I’ve stated before, I don’t really consider myself a comic book girl. I’ve dabbled with some titles – The Walking Dead, the Scott Pilgrim series, The Watchmen and Fables – but I’ve never been a regular reader or read any of the super hero titles, which is what I think most people first think of when they think of comics. Part of the reason is that these series have been running for many years and it is hard for a newbie to know where a good place is to jump in (kind of like soap operas). DC comics recently tried to address this problem by rebooting 52 of their titles all at the same time. I’ve been planning to check a few of them out, but haven’t done so yet (though if I was forced to declare allegiance, I’m more of a Marvel girl despite my fondness for Batman).
In a large bowl mix together the ginger, lemon juice, pears and the remaining sugar (3 Tbsp.) and a pinch of salt.
Dawn’s book makes it easy to laugh through all of the rough times of pregnancy but still makes sure you remember the joyful parts of it too – that the end result is a bouncing beautiful baby that’s yours for the making! And if you’re NOWHERE near the baby-making phase, this is a fun book to give as a gift too!
Evidence Gatherer#1: Eric Landman
I graduated from nursing school in December. I found a subleased at the perfect time (a few days before graduation) and I was moved out to my parents house within 3 days. I had everything in place in terms of my license paperwork and was just waiting on everyone else (school, board, etc) to receive my letter to test. I fell into quite a routine for the next two and a half months. I would sleep in until about 10 something. Wait until I could no longer hold out for food, about 10:30 or 11. Eat my new found delicious, vegan, healthy, protein packed breakfast of whole grain oats, protein powder and strawberries. Washed down by an enormous glass of water. Wait a few hours while relaxing and watching tv (I hadn’t slept in what felt like decades throughout nursing school). I’d eat an extremely light lunch of a banana with peanut butter and maybe some veggies and 2 tbsp of hummus. I’d apply for a few jobs then start in on studying for the NCLEX for a few hours. I’d eat a fairly light dinner with my parents of a greek salad, a medditeranean style dinner of lentil soup and hummus/tabouli and pita.. or something like that. I always was able to eat somewhere between 1300-1600 calories of food a day, 10-12 glasses of water, barely any crap including diet coke. I went from 154 lbs to 146 lbs. My body thinned out an incredible amount for that seemingly small amount of 8 lbs. No bloat, less cellulite and visual fat, etc. I would often start my day with doing an entire round of every song on just dance 2 or 3 for 45 minutes. My dinner would never be eaten later than 6'ish, and I would not eat anything after that, maybe a 20 calorie cup of hot cocoa. I would cook delicious meals when we wouldn’t eat out such as risotto, chicken noodle soup, black bean chili, etc.
* Before achieving publication did you have to deal with rejection along the way? How did it feel to finally secure the publishing deal?
Finally, it will be wasted breath because if the system you think you want to change is also the system that supplies you with a comfortable middle class lifestyle, with all the comforts and conveniences that such a lifestyle supplies, the changes you will push the system to make will pretty reliably be limited to those that will not affect your continued access to the lifestyle, comforts and
At the very least it will be my personal, one-stop, resource for the IP information I use in my work environment.
I'm sure by the end of this week I'll never want to see another lemon cake again.
isn’t it nice when someone makes your day? loverbean, of the blog lemon salt, did just that when she bestowed upon me a kreativ blogger award last week. how lovely! it is especially exciting to be recognized by someone you admire (even though we’re strangers), and loverbean is ever so admirable. if you love lemons and all things citrus, you’ll love her blog. if you love baking, you’ll love her blog. and, if you love soothing, fresh photos, you’ll love her blog. many thanks for the pat on the back, loverbean!
“I needed to show my own vocal color. To be honest, I have a lot of friends who are good at singing. To be able to show my vocal abilities fully, I needed to practice our country’s ballads’ perfectly, and find a way to express the sensibility found in R&B and soul songs. The thing I was concerned the most about was the way to make my voice tone sound different than the other singers’.”
Poems are made by fools like me,
Have faith in your lawyer and take his or her advice, whether you agree with it or not.
This is not the best dish I’ve ever cooked but its one of the ones I’m most proud of. It sort of makes me realize how much my confidence as a cook has grown since I began this blog mishegas. For lack of a better name (and because I love my son and this is what he named it) I present to you Test Taking Pasta.
will it be long
I have decided to follow Jesus
2. Select canned many fruits and tuna which are loaded in water, not oil or syrup, these are wonderful health food.
As a home owner we face many difficult decisions. One of the most difficult – should I add a sauna or a hot tub to my home?Explore some of the benefits and short comings of each in the article.
The first one, and truly the most difficult one was removing myself from my sons family’s energy. The duality that lived there was actually hurting my energy field. I moved.
What most networkers don’t realize is that what is taught to them by their upline or your uplines upline, in the network marketing industry usually doesn’t work. I too, used to build a huge list of my friends and family, talked to everybody who came within 3 feet of me, I made cold calls, I even rented booths to try and sell products. I failed and failed using these tips for well over a year before I really learned how to market, but I never gave up.
1917
PING!!!
PB: There’s an old saying that “you can’t make a good deal with bad people.” I view a vote for a CSM as a contract between myself and the CSM. You are an admitted sadist, brag about slinging mud as a politician, and draw no distinction between you as a person and The Mittani. Regardless of how effective you say you were as a CSM last year, I feel its only a matter of time before you fall back on who you are as a person and politician. When this happens I think it’s safe to say that you’ll have no problem with screwing everyone over if you can… Eve, CCP, the players, and those who voted for you. I mean that’s what mud-slinging sadists do, right? I’m sure it’ll be lol-tastic too.
Meanwhile, we have two new things for you to enjoy - firstly, Olaf Schneider's brand new animation, posted above. This features a never-before-heard recording of Russell Hoban reciting one of his own poems, Rivers In Your Mind from The Last of the Wallendas, which he made expressly in 2002 for Olaf to turn into an animation. (If you can't see the video above try viewing in on YouTube.) You can also see more of Olaf's fantastic SA4QE animations here. Secondly we are publishing today the results of our December/January Russell Hoban reader survey to which scores of fans responded with their favourite books, quotes and characters.
21Nevertheless if thou warn the righteous man, that the righteous sin not, and he doth not sin, he shall surely live, because he is warned; also thou hast delivered thy soul.
Now I go back to obsessively trying to plan my viewing schedule.
So, I wanted to create an extra special, vintage and over the top girlie card to send off to her to help express my sincere gratitude for her generosity and kindness! Words don't seem to be 'enough' to convey how much this simple gesture touched my heart! I guess I'm a bit emotional these days with the impending surgery so close. I don't know why ... I seem to cry at the drop of a hat these days ... I know the surgery is 'best', but I'm having a hard time coming to terms with the emotional side of everything. I'm 47 ... our family is more than complete and we don't want any additional children ... my hubby assures me that he'll still look at me the same way ... my emotions are raw and really close to the surface :(
“Daddy...” She says. “Do you think the little boys and girls in my old school miss me?”
Round 4- Brandon Mosley, offensive tackle, Auburn
He, fortunately, either didn't remember me (he'd been pretty drunk) or was pretending not to remember me (didn't want to admit losing the girl to a med student).
“Having been cheated of a decent education from kindergarten to this point in your life, begin now to educate yourself for whatever it is you want to do in life because it is still true that knowledge is power. Money’s nice, too.”
Fossgate is a real find, actually. There’s the beautiful Merchant’s Hall; the MacDonalds set in a fantastic old cinema (but a furniture shop, not the burger bar…); and a host of quirky individual shops. A great addition to a day-out in York, and one more tourists should find…
I enjoy spending time with my guides but, I especially like this one. I call him my teacher. He has very little to say yet, his messages are always powerful. His words resonated deep into my soul.
And the son of a gun was always screaming at us, my brother and I, warning grandma that we were on the way to the yard, up to some mischief.
Remote on heaven’s hill, that has endured
How do you know if your partner wants empathy or solutions? Ask them? Then you’ll know what your role is as a listener for him.
stitched grid
I wanted something more in life than just, well, money I guess. Sure, money can bring me places, buy me nice food, branded bags, anything I want without really having to think about whether I can afford it because most times I can. But when I had it, I realized there was something more I wanted to do with my life - going after and accomplishing my dreams and goals. Of course I enjoyed flying and the job itself. I loved interaction with the passengers, and did my work with pride. I am proud to say that without instigating, I always had about 20 compliment letters a year. During my last month of flying, almost every single flight I did had a passenger write me a compliment letter to the company. I really loved the job, but entertainment line is something that won't wait for you. And that was something I felt I didn't try hard enough in. SQ? I gave my 100% already.
Risk taking that first step- even if you don’t know where it will lead.
I am warming up for the event with one of my favourite conductors, Leonard Bernstein. Here's the prelude to Tristan, Act 1.
Drain well, in fact I put them back into the pan with the heat on for a minute,
I saw myself in a pinball machine.
Well, it's not something I would ever do, just interesting facts I suppose!
I made three different casserole recipes. Each recipe made two family-size servings. This leaves me with dinner for tonight and five other meals for when I go back to work.
I should point out that I've noticed tricksters are more often secondary characters than main characters, especially in middle grade and Young Adult fiction. This is probably because tricksters tend to be extraordinary, and we like to read about ordinary main characters, although they may be thrust into extraordinary situations. Tricksters aren't always easy to relate to, of course; when you're around them, you might just find yourself muttering, "Smartass," and heading for the door.
Could you expand on the idea of Interbeing, a concept that sounds very relevant to interfaith families?
Shocking Blue Venus NL
The lives of these folks over three decades or so provide the forward movement for this novel as Ullis returns from time to time to catch up on their devolving lives.
This table from Paisley and Polka Dot Threads is pure woodland fantasy and I love it! SO stinkin' cute! I am sharing a close up so you can see the amazing handpainted details....
At last, may there yet be justice for the Hillsborough 96.
Thanks to both Sebastian and Jaden for stopping by! It was fun getting inside their hands once again. Make sure you check out WHAT A BOY WANTS and WHAT A BOY NEEDS (coming soon) by Nyrae Dawn. Find out more about both books and Nyrae at her website and on Twitter.
The first is a Kimono doll with charms and flowers ornamenting her dressed hair. She is made from a selection of new Asian printed quilters cottons, while her obi is silk from a reclaimed vintage kimono. Her kimono is lined with vintage silk.
2. What is your greatest fear?
According to the National Clearinghouse for Long-Term Care Information, at least 70 percent of people over age 65 will require long-term care at some point in their lives. But earlier in life, funding options are often given too low a priority in the overall financial review process. If long-term care becomes an afterthought, the financial implications later in life can be devastating for a client, even one with a robust and complete retirement strategy.
Mayer RE, Aldrich TE, Earely CE. Effects of noise and electromagnetic fields on reproductive outcomes. Environ Health Perspect 1989; 81: 193-200.
I’m extremely lucky that I haven’t suffered much tragedy in my life. My childhood was pleasant enough, grandparents and pets died, but that is an expected sad, a normal part of life. Earlier in my twenties I went through some difficulties with my family, my brother caused a lot of tension, my mother had a breakdown and ended up in a pretty bad place, but we got through it all, and I still felt hopeful and happy. I still had my future to look forward to, I still hadn’t lost that hope that my husband and I would do it right, have a life free of strife and tragedy. I stupidly and innocently believed I could be only happy forever, that nothing bad would ever touch me if I did everything right. It shows in the pictures, in our eyes, our purely cheerful smiles.
Yes, it is. Not because the process is hard or complicated. The ‘how to’ is very simple.
The undated article below by Tariq Ramadan calls for a moratorium on stoning and other corporal punishments within Islam. The piece is not new; it has been a permanent post on Mr. Ramadan’s website since at least 2005.
If Simon can learn to control his powers, and if Otis can convince him to work against London, there might be chance to stop it. But Simon has no clue how to get the weather to obey him, and Ruby, though she can understand the weather intellectually, lacks his raw, magical talent.... I found this a nice twist--Ruby isn't the Special One, and so is in a rather complicated position that's unusual in middle grade fantasy.
1 konis
When this now historic comic appeared fifty years ago it looked great, it was an example of the wonders of commercial printing. In those days the artist would send in their artwork usually on board and it would be photographed and the transparencies would be the source of the plates used to print his artwork using four runs (sometimes more) which would print a sequence of dots in 1). Cyan 2). Magenta 3). Yellow and 4). Black. By the time Commando number four was printed the whole process was pretty refined and misalignments creating out of register prints were the exception rather than the rule.
Pete's structural engineering work has managed to continue even though the economy has really turned things around in the construction and design business. Jobs that he used to turn away are now welcomed with open arms. Negotiating prices is much more of a business practice rather than "take it or leave it". The one thing that has kept Pete's clients coming back has been his accessibility. He's not always the smoothest with customer relations, but he certainly is responsive, reliable and quick on the spot. The work gets done on time or even earlier. And sometimes, if it turns out to be easier than he anticipated, he will refund the customer for the difference (even though he gave a written estimate). He seems to have some very loyal customers and for that, we are grateful.
GINGRICH: I did not — no. I did not say it about Spanish. I said, in general, about all languages. We are better for children to learn English in general, period.
top of your head for decades.
Silver: Bastogne Blonde Ale, Rock Bottom Breweries, Louisville, CO
I honestly feel great compared to last time. So good that she was born Friday in the AM and we left the hospital Sat before noon. We just wanted to be home and ready to start our life as a family of four.
Scripts: Okay, so what do you say to people making the opposite claim: “My family tree is riddled with high blood pressure – it’s my genetic destiny. There’s nothing I can do to avoid it, so why bother?”
This is what we are going to try to avoid. Remember, feelings are not good or bad…they’re just feelings. One of my favorite Melody Beattie quotes about feelings is,
I’m not about to rush off and settle down with Mr Wrong (settle being the operative word!) but I need to find a really good friend, who understands me, cares about what makes me happy and wants the best for me – that’s what’s missing right now. Oh BTW I think the cheerleader has gone on holiday for a few weeks, either that or she is off hiding behind the bike sheds or something!!
Most of them say “Hello!” as if they were practicing their English. And some of them would continue their conversations to “Where from?”
Of course, retrospectives like these were bound to drop the odd spoiler or two given the amount of time that’s elapsed since 2005, and even though they didn’t give the game away entirely, six years is a long time to keep yourself spoiler-free. So it was that I inevitably began Shadow of the Colossus slightly tainted – I had an inkling about what the end might entail but I wasn’t entirely sure how it would play out.
It is his second score on the board!
at Christmastime.
Now, we are not talking about using this in Edible gardens, however, this could be used in any area that you want to eliminate lawn, the downside is that the rugs are too thick to dig a shovel in to plant anything, unless of course you pile soil over it and are creating a 'berm' effect, of at least 12 inches deep or more. Keep this in mind as you decide where to try this.
This adds stability to the crown and holds the elastic firmly inside.
Hastings (John Heffernan) & Tony Lumpkin (David Fynn)
We are part of a new village now. Our neighbours were neighbours before, were not for a while and now are neighbours again. The village we made part of in Somerset has dispersed. Our friends Hannah and Daniel and the twins were parked by us there again. They have headed off east to join another gathering. We'll see them again somewhere sooner or later. We'll see others too, familiar and unfamiliar. It's a strange experience of life, crossing paths with others, a unique experience for each person, and yet shared in some aspects. It is the net that links us all, the strands are gossamer-thin and steel-strong, and each path-crossing vibrates them.
I never did learn the Nepali word for owl, but the Thami name is actually quite beautiful: koolooloo. It’s a shame I never got to use it, because from the moment I asked where I could find the little chickens, they became known as the sano kukuras:
Lee-Anne is a true fashionista at heart, but her style sense doesn’t just end at her closet…Lee’s cozy little apartment has such a big personality! The girl was able to make the space looks so elegant, with quaint decorations of glass vases, paintings, French Golden Era posters and fresh flowers. There is almost a rustic feel to it, which is offset by feminine accents that scream Lee-Anne!
beneath the wake -
but would I suggest it to others?
I am just popping in after a sort of spring break. The last week I was off work; took a few days of vacation and spent them at home. It was lovely to catch up with friends, we also celebrated the 49th birthday of Marcel, cleaned up the garden (looks great now but the weather is still too cold to call it spring) and relaxed a bit.
The most time spent, actually, was trying to line up the computer generated sentiments with the Cricut. In "theory", it's supposed to be simple. Welllll, I guess I didn't do it the "simple" way, because it took me SEVERAL tries. None the less, I didn't give up and persevered!!!!
For instance, we only want to look at something that is a source of joy, not at something likely to sadden us. If any one of the senses is missing, the entire dimension of that sense is lost. One who can’t hear is bereft of the whole arena of sound. Similarly, he who can’t see is deprived of all the beautiful sights and colours. So the sense is more important and much bigger than the object of the sense.
All that in and out of air conditioning,
I have constantly been playing the game.
Xbox 360 Controller Review (xbox360controllerreview.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
Oh yeah. And because it tastes awesome. And when you’re cooking, you always have to do taste tests, right?
Event Date: Every Wednesday
2. CISPA would also pre-empt state laws that provide more privacy protection than the federal standard. Citizens in some states would face diminished privacy rights both now and in the future.
And why does that kind of question always lead to an answer in the form of a harsh reality that it can get worse. I heard something that, up until now, I figured to be impossible. Something that baffles my fragile mind even now.
This is the institutional theory of art which is a theory about the nature of art that holds that an object can only be art in the context of "the artworld". Whatever an artworld is.
What does giving up everything really mean? As for me, it means putting everything on the alter...my hopes, dreams, desires, money, time, influence, resources...everything is His to use in whatever way He chooses. This is where I want to live. I don't want to draw lines in the sand and tell Him, you can not ask me to cross this line, I am at my limit. I don't even know my limit. I don't even know my own heart. I don't even know myself.
The bad apple would have been my ex. For those that have read some of the chapters from my journal I had been putting online... You know what I'm saying. Those that want to read send me an email and I'll send you the website addy ('dispatcherandofficer' gmail address).
We have 13 different types of cheese in our fridge.
Being farther from the sun than Terra, Barsoom cooled faster and was suitable for supporting life much sooner. Being smaller, it has only about 1/3 the gravitational pull of Terra. Lesser gravity allows for more possibilities in terms of overall size, rate of growth, and rate of variation in speciation. Concomitant with lesser size/mass, there is less ability to hold an atmosphere, which was thinner to begin with because of the size factor. A thinner atmosphere is less effective than a thicker one for blocking radiation of all kinds. Radiation contributes to a higher rate of mutation. Evolution proceeds faster than it would on a planet with a thicker atmosphere. Throw in the extra environmental stresses associated with the constant bombardment because of its proximity to the asteroid belt and you have a recipe for early, rapid evolution.
Okay, so my list first:
And not just plain old pig's ears, mind you. Some are even coated in a kind of aspic (what's the old saying about silk purses and sow's ears?)
There’s more information about engagement, advocacy, and evangelism in the sections Engage Your Community, Find and Create Online Evangelists, and Create Buzz.
Asking police officers to make these judgements about healthcare needs in dynamic, unfolding situations is not only unrealistic but potentially dangerous. When more is known about ED, we can look at this again; but until that time every police constable in the UK has the legal right – actually the duty – to ensure that prior to taking violent people to the police cells, that it is medically appropriate to do so to avoid catastrophe for patients and their families.
This rant really serves no purpose, but if you see a dearth of new copy here, you'll know why. I need to write. I always have, but right now, I've neither the stamina nor the inspiration to do much beyond things I've already done in advance. I have the two discs of the international version of John Woo's Red Cliff sitting on my DVD player. Who knows how long it will take me to get to that or what kind of disservice it will do to the film since there is no practical way for me to watch it in one sitting.
I'm glad I love my family over great benefits and pay. I'm so glad we're here to be with my family and watch the kids grow and be more a part of their lives. We also can't wait to raise our little family here.
His teammate Jenson Button, retired on lap 55, with a broken exhaust. Yet another blow to a team everyone predicted, to be the dominate force, starting the season. What’s most frustrating about McLaren’s scenario, is that their driver’s have played little part, in the team’s misfortunes. In the 3 weeks until Spain, McLaren need to seriously reassess their pitting strategy. They’re currently the only team on the grid, who don’t change tires with the nut pre-fastened to the wheel.
have been floured or battered and then pan fried, deep fried, or pressure fried. The breading adds a crisp coating or crust to the exterior. What separates fried chicken from other fried forms of chicken is that generally the chicken is cut at the joints and the bones and skin are left intact. Crisp well-seasoned skin, rendered of excess fat, is a hallmark of well made fried chicken.
A passage in Edward Gibbon’s masterpiece The Decline and Fall of Rome is prophetic. He pondered what would have befallen us had Muslims won the battle of Poitiers in France in 733. He saw that battle as a major turning point in European history:-
It’s impossible to gauge exactly how much time I’ll have during a writing session. An expected 8 a.m. wakeup time might turn into 6:30 or 7 on any given day. So instead of waiting for a good long break, I plunge in and start. I don’t bother with optimal writing conditions any more, because they so rarely occur.
So after I grabbed a can, I headed back to my office. The patient was standing in the hallway.
that bit by bit.
Every year I plant basil in our herb garden as we love to have fresh herbs for use in our cooking. And basil's one of the herbs we use the most.
Please arrive at least 15 minutes before show time (earlier if you’re a performer!), so you can first stop at the refreshment counter to get a delicious beverage, snack or sandwich; then head for the show area and grab a seat so you don’t miss any of our great performers!
i was actually lucky to even be able to watch as they skated ...
He urged the people to lend their support to the idea adding that such an organisation would need all kinds of resources including a team of very focused people with the ability to work with other organisations that are sympathetic to the objectives of DayMove.
Right there on the corner of Atlantic and Clinton, it's open for business and respectable filled with patrons. The corner was enclosed last year and I heard about the desire to open the spot up, but when exactly did all that happen?
Next up was the making of the meringue. This involves cooking sugar and water on the stove, while using a candy thermometer to ensure that it reaches 245 degrees F. In the meantime, I started whipping the aged egg whites. Once they formed soft peaks and the syrup was hot enough, I added the syrup (slowly) to the egg whites and continued whipping until the meringue was stiff and glossy.
At 2 years 3 months Itty Bitty can say to me, “No, mommy, I do it myself!” and she can say, “Help, me mommy!” for anything she wants. Sure, she can’t put on her socks all by herself yet, but she wants to try and when she obviously needs help I put them on in a way that allows her to finish the job in some way. The idea is to give her the opportunities to be part of the process. At 9 months all she could do was a non-verbal refusal and postive body language to communicate the same exact requests she can now verbalize.
Mr. Wheat is dedicated to providing consumers with the most nutritious snacks, made from wholesome ingredients. We are committed to providing children and adults alike with snack foods that are satisfying, nutritionally beneficial, and all natural, not only without compromising taste, but with great taste!
· Transit 47%
All ones carry inside them a uniqueness seeking to be expressed. This uniqueness is instilled at the moment of the soul’s conception within Creator’s Desire. You each are compelled to express your uniqueness in ever more completeness. This inner drive is what causes ones to choose the various paths and avenues that they do. Your chosen path will eventually lead you to a greater awareness of self, and a greater level of inner satisfaction.
“O son of Kuru’s race, I will, however, describe to thee the island called Sudarsana. This island, O king, is circular and of the form of a wheel. It is covered with rivers and other pieces of water and with mountains looking like masses of clouds, and with cities and many delightful provinces. It is also full of trees furnished with flowers and fruits, and with crops of diverse kinds and other wealth. And it is surrounded on all sides with the salt ocean. As a person can see his own face in a mirror, even so is the island called Sudarsana seen in the lunar disc. Two of its parts seem to be a peepul tree, while two others look like a large hare. It is surrounded on all sides with an assemblage of every kind of deciduous plants. Besides these portions, the rest is all water.”
After an agonizing wait, our food came. I ordered the sampler plate (of course!!! you get to try as many things in one go!!! I LOVE this option on menus!!!). This my friends, was “smaller” portions (no, really, they were smaller than if you ordered the full plates) of all the best things on the menu: fried chicken, shrimps (I substituted for gravy chicken), ribs (both short AND North Carolina barbecue) and your choice of three sides! Heaven! My sides were the collard greens, mashed potatoes and corn bread stuffing. BEST COLLARD GREENS I’VE EVER HAD. And I don’t make that statement lightly. Libby Keating has taken me to some of the best Southern home cooking joints outside of Nashville, most notably Barbara’s, but these greens were truly phenomenal. Not bitter, perfectly seasoned with pork. I think they were my favorite part. Ohhh yum. The mashed potatoes and gravy were delicious, and I liked the corn bread stuffing, but only for a couple bites. I was getting too full, and they were a bit too much bread/starch, in light of the rest of my plate. The protein winners on my plate were the fried chicken ($1 extra for white meat) and the North Carolina barbeque ribs. Ohhh yum. The skin was crispy on the chicken, and the meat moist. The BBQ ribs had such a good sauce and the meat just fell off the bone. I even got a little on my cheeks. Okay, a lot on my cheeks. The short ribs weren’t my favorite, but they weren’t bad. They had a sweetness to them that I found interesting (in a good way). I have to admit, at this point, I didn’t even make it to the smothered chicken (relax, it was more fried chicken covered in gravy, it wasn’t like I would actually leave a stone unturned. I got the gist).
Today is World Book Day. I thought I'd take this as a moment to make some observations on what those words mean to me. Some are questions, some are just thoughts. And there's the odd recommendation
Other Posts in This Series:
-Kari
Odell Brewing Company Imperial Stout
By chance, I found an indoor climbing centre in London. Problem solved. Then I did a bit more searching and found one only five miles from where I live. Even better.
Émilie Pitoiset
Wheatgrass contains chlorophyll, which increases hemoglobin production. Selenium and laetrile are also in wheatgrass, and both are anticancer. Chlorophyll and selenium also help build the immune system. Chlorophyll also benefits heart function, the vascular system, the uterus, intestines, and lungs. Dr. Yoshihide Hagiwara, president of the Hagiwara Institute of Health in Japan, believes that since chlorophyll is soluble in fat particles, and fat particles are absorbed directly into the blood via the lymphatic system, that chlorophyll can also be absorbed in this way. In other words, when the “blood” of plants is absorbed in humans it is transformed into human blood, which transports nutrients to every cell of the body.
Facebook is the cream of the crop for drawing visibility on the web today. Meet new people and tell them about the useful resources you have that can empower them for the better rather its products or services adding friends and solving problems comes in one big lump sum. I suggest you do not push websites on people you’ve just met on Facebook instead become more acquainted with these individuals and sooner or later they are going to trust you more. Stay in focused groups that focuses on certain matters. Post messages that are not spam or build a brand for future endurance for your website. Add the “LIKE” button on the website so when members of Facebook visits they can press it if there interest in the post is highly anticipated. Either way the traffic is going to com by staying consistent.
Like Leslie, I have one of those beater blades that scrapes the side of the bowl for you while it is mixing the ingredients. If you don't have one you should really invest in one. They are wonderful and I wouldn't be without one. (I sure used "one" a lot in those two sentences!) :D
I am sure all this kitsch attachment to the antlers, and while on the topic I can hardly bring myself to mention the man sized pop up inflatable reindeer that is ready and waiting to burst upon our unsuspecting neighbours, is because secretly Husband and I are both mourning the Christmases of our youth. Because if you are by birth a Northern Hemisphere person then Christmas is indivisibly associated with dark evenings with houses lit up like advent calendars, cold, snow, rain, Christmas lights, and fir trees . I really love our Southern Hemisphere Christmas with morning swims on the beach, heat and sun, palm trees and a glorious mix of a lunch with oysters, sushi, roast potatoes, turkey, salads, Christmas pudding and ice cream cake, but somehow it just doesn’t feel the same. Though as Sydney is having its coldest December for 50 years, and the rain is lashing down with particular ferocity as I type, I have to admit I am beginning to feel we might be in for more of a traditional UK Christmas than I would actually like – so just keep those antlers crossed that the sun shines for a traditional Aussie day.
I finished reading Compulsion and thought about how I would break down its essence.
Dear Gray Old Navy Yoga Pants,
It’s also a somewhat scary reminder of Mathew 24:45-51. It is a parable about a servant and his master who is gone on a trip.
This has been a long time in coming, mostly because of a few details that I was struggling with..but it finally all came together. So without further ado I present ...
Happy 2012 to all!
That verse has been recited more times than any other in our house. By far. And it helps adjust our attitudes.
A dear young woman../friend.. sent me this story ..this week in the mail..with some other wonderful stories and poems.. some dried leaves and flowers..some special artwork and a handwritten note..~An envelope full of grace..
Rihanna has retained her position at number three for a consecutive year while British model Rosie Jones is a re-entry into fourth place after failing to rank last year.
But don't worry:
Words ain't no throwaway line to me and I can't use them as no fucking game.
Stress and emotional upset can make itching worse, no matter what the underlying cause. If emotional problems are the primary reason for feeling itchy, the condition is known as psychogenic itching.
“It will take one billing cycle for that to happen,” he said.
Our friend's daughter's favourite spot was the playground, which contained many "old-school" relics of play equipment which Scather had not seen since her youth (a lady never reveals her age, but let's just say it was before laws were as restrictive as they currently are as to health and safety). It was actually great - although old, the equipment seemed quite well maintained, and it was excellent to see some of those old styles of activities - giant see-saws (I went on one and was quite freaked out - now that I comprehend danger to a greater extent it is far more exhilarating!) a double slide, those twirly cups you sit in, and a menagerie of bouncy animals.
"You're going to have fun," I reassured him.
She packed up her items and as she walked out of the room, I asked her to help me call my father. She looked kindly at me, seeming to understand my how nervous my wedding day must be on me…she must be used to nervous brides…if only she knew.
In a pressure cooker, cook the moong dal along with the turmeric powder, green chilli, tomato and 3 cups of water for about 4 whistles. Alternately, you could cook the moong dal in a stockpot or a heavy bootomed pan, covered for about 20 to 30 minutes, until the dal turns soft. The dal could also be cooked in the microwave.
Meanwhile, in a large bowl whisk together the bread and milk. Add the salt and pepper and let the bread crumbs soak for 5 minutes.
A lesser confident person would have caved to all of the comments, but I try to blow them off and move on. Really, I’m not any more pale, tired, etc. than anyone else but for some reason, their worry translates into obsessing about my appearance.
What movie, then, comes close to the look and feel of Cool World? Fred Olen Ray's Evil Toons, which came out the same year, and even starred David Carradine and legendary "that guy" actor Dick (Gremlins) Miller. It's cheap, yeah - obvious ripoff, sure - and you know what? It was still better than Cool World because it never took itself as seriously as our subject here does.
Have you ever noticed how red cabbage (which is actually purple) looks like a brain when it’s cut? Maybe the zombies are winning after all. I had another dead soldier, .5 cup of couscous and for those who don’t know, it’s wheat. I didn’t rub it into separate bits like you’re supposed to. I just cooked it up. On top of that went the end-of-the-world medley; pickled artichoke hearts, sundried tomatoes in oil, garlic, tuna, red cabbage, flake yeast and some herbs and hot sauces. Oh and sunflower seeds. One of my challenges this week has been how to make something that I can actually take for lunch. This will do for Thursday.
Two years ago, Zamzami incited further controversy in Morocco when he said it was permissible for pregnant women to drink alcohol.
* How long did it take you from initial inspiration to finally achieving the publication deal for HIDDEN?
Blessed are the flockmarked trees and bees made gold.
First One Publishing's Writing Contest: This contest was intended to promote a brand-new publishing venture, and it accomplished its goal--in the wrong way--by requiring entrants to surrender all rights to their material.
British, Going Live
While sitting with them we received news that two male Rhino had been found on our route a little further to the South. It appeared the tar road was the place to be and we once again set off South. Having taken our time getting to the sighting the previous station had left them unattended but was confident that they would not move far as they seemed very content grazing in the area. After finding there tracks and Jacky following up on foot for five minutes we found them not far away still grazing around the termite mounds in the area. These two males have become extremely relaxed with our presence and now approach the vehicles to within a couple of metres while they go about their feeding, which provides us with some great sightings. With not many vehicles driving we were able to spend some quality time with them eventually leaving them as they headed into thicker
We’ll have lots of fun with mister snowman,
Pete Savino
Thanks Kiran, for your dedication and commitment to the program. We hope you remain a part of the Red Cross family for years to come!
Tuesday - AI have found the answer, which is spookily the same as Goth suggested the day before
I hugged my arms against my body. Glancing toward the balcony showed that none of the windows were broken or open. It wasn’t because I was cold.
Good morning all! It will probably be afternoon by the time I post this since I have yet to take pictures, but I’ll pretend it’s still morning. I like this outfit and I hope you do too. I’ve had this dress forever, it was a hand-me-down from my sister. I think the first time I wore it was four years ago. Since it’s extremely short, I thought I should wear it with extra-thick tights since, you know, it’s still winter. The dark purple tights bring out the light purple in the dress, and I like the contrast between the dark purple and the red stripe. My everyday boots and denim shirt keep it casual. As much as I love designer clothing, you don’t need a label to look good.
This is a grand opening, because it is an opening of the heart, to say, “I am ready to love” —not just to have a love affair, not simply to love something or other, but to truly commit and to be in union, because that becomes and is a reflection of union with One.
The human cannonball
50g chopped hazelnuts
intertwined artistic expressions
Awnings all around. Whenever possible, we park so our street-side wall faces north or east and misses the hot afternoon sun. Our curb-side wall gets shaded by our awning. Our next RV will also have awnings for all the windows. Glass radiates a lot of heat to the inside of an RV.
The same day I found out mom was no longer taking the coconut oil an old friend happened to call. She had just discovered the benefits of coconut oil and was quite excited about it. From this conversation I learned that there is now a flavorless coconut oil. After doing a little research I found that the flavorless coconut oil does indeed exist, but it has been “refined” and has a “neutral” flavor. I would think that the “unrefined” coconut oil is probably better than the “refined”, but try as I may I cannot find information comparing the health benefits of the two. Nonetheless, I guess any coconut oil is better than no coconut oil so I’m off to the market in search of the “neutral” flavor oil. I am a believer and I’m not giving up yet.
At one point he told the listeners that he's almost 70 years old and can't believe that he's still having to write about the issue of sexual identity and acceptance almost 25 years after A Prayer for Owen Meany. Irving, I think, even shocked Diane when he stopped just short of calling Americans neanderthals - I believe the word troglodytes may have been broached - when it comes to sexual mores.
She took a step towards him and he was gone, leaving the street empty in front of her. Why? She went to walk after him and frowned when her arm lagged behind her, held fast by something. Her eyes drifted to her wrist and the hand tightly grasping it.
Not exactly predictable.
Wood burns salami, the sweet coaled
There are twelve crows across the sky.
With slow wail and convulsive throb leading the officer’s funeral;)
marvelous benga while re-uploading, I couldn't resist
Prophet Muhammed Sallallahu Alaihi Wasallam) has been addressed as Yaa-Aiyu-Han-Nabi 11 times and has been named as “Ahmed” in Paara 28, Surah Saff, Ayath 6.
We were encouraged to use a really cute hanger, but I don't have one and to ship it from the USA, it would have cost a fortune, with it's non-flat shape, so I made do.
We tied up our dinghy and ventured up the road and there was Nimrod's with a welcome sign. Despite an unexpected and not completely friendly blond who greeted us, we were led around to the kitchen and ordered two rotis - one beef, one chicken.
Either way, it will be a major surprise for him and that's all that matters!
Under the curation of new artistic director Jonathan Holloway, the 2012 Perth Festival generated more energy than a windfarm in a tornado. My only real regret - and regret it I do - is that I missed out on Matthew Lutton's production of Richard Strauss's Elektra, of which the word of mouth was ecstatic. (You can read Cameron Woodhead's review here. As an aside on Lutton's direction, it's fair to say that I differed enormously in my response to his production of The Trial. Moreover, I recommend my ponderings on The Trial to new readers of this blog as a clear statement of my ideals as a critic). Elektra is rumoured to come here in 2014, so perhaps I haven't missed out entirely; but it's a long time to wait, and there's many a slip twixt cup and lip, etc. Cross your fingers, Melbourne.
UPDATE AS OF 10 A.M. EDT, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 13:Workers at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant are pumping radioactive water from the concrete enclosure near reactor 2 into a turbine condenser. A series of aftershocks that rattled the area Tuesday has put the work behind schedule. Tokyo Electric Power Co. (TEPCO) is inspecting another storage facility on the site to determine if it can hold contaminated water from the basement of the reactor 2 turbine building. Radioactive water in the turbine buildings is hampering efforts to restore cooling operations at the plant.
Please LORD may You grant me the faith of a child,
that have officially signed leases,” Dan Pederson, the director of residential life, said.
As he aged, Scotty slowed down a lot due to arthritis. As he got infirm and couldn't go for long walks anymore, we often carried him in a baby sling when we went for a walk just so Scotty could have an outing. Towards the end, his hearing diminished to the point we'd have to yell in his ear to get his attention, but he always heard and understood "go for a ride" and would get excited. And even though his vision was clouded with cataracts, he still enjoyed his perch in the window and the view to the outside world.
Did I mention in some parts of Oklahoma the high on Sunday was close to 109? This state does not mess around when it comes to heat.
The sense of black’s radicality, as simultaneously the root and the extremity of color, is already clear. What calls for commentary is the relation between this radicality and the emotion of color, which is now addressed as simultaneously the emotion of specific color and the emotion of color itself. The relation implies two meanings for black emotion: 1) the feeling of other-than-color at color’s root; 2) the feeling of other-than-color at color’s intensity. The seizure of black emotion is consciousness passing like a current between these poles. On the side of the object, black emotion is the affect of seeing that the thing itself, all that one does not see, is black. Here black is the unseen of the seen. On the side of the subject, black emotion is the affect of seeing that the image, all that one does see, is black. Here black is the seen of the unseen. In one direction black is the not-revealed of a color, the vision of there being more to see. In the other direction black is the only-revealed of a color, the vision of there being nothing seen. This epilectic emotion is a blackout, not a blackout of vision, but a witnessing of the blackout that vision is: the passionate suspension of vision within the endlessness of its never having been or actual impossibility. It is absolutely important, therefore, that the text says “a color,” signifying the complicity of black emotion with specificity, individuation, presence, facticity. This shows black is the index of color and the ecstatic character of black emotion, in the sense of an experience that refers to the impossibility of its own taking place, following Bataille: “THE OBJECT OF ECSTASY IS THE ABSENCE OF AN OUTSIDE ANSWER. THE INEXPLICABLE PRESENCE OF MAN IS
And speaking of JBS Mercantile kits, I have been asked to join their design team! I am TOTALLY excited about this opportunity! I was telling my husband about how much I was loving my new kit club just two days before I was asked to join. Awesomeness!!
1626 N. California #2,Chicago
I really ought to be sleeping because this weekend is going to be busy, in an awesome way. Today is my first day back to the Sweat Shop (you might know it as the Costume Department) of the local children's musical theatre company that my son has been in the cast of since he was 8. Last night, we had our "welcome back" meeting, and I saw all these people that I haven't seen since last November. It seemed as if each and every one of them had to stop me and ask how much weight I've lost! lol I've decided that I am just saying, "A lot." and smiling from now on. :) Today the kids have their "read through" of the script, and us mamas and grandmas get to corral and measure 60 kids from head to toe, literally, and figure out what we are doing for each one for costumes. Most kids have 5-6 costume changes each. (Joe got one of the leads, so he has even more!) Now consider that we put this entire show together on the weekends in Sept and October and run the show the first 3 weekends in November. It is incredible what we can accomplish, all working together.
I wrestle the creature out of the laundry room by its long nose, wary of its hard shell and nasty round feet. It rolls stubbornly onto its back, telling me with its non verbal language, "Bite Me, Bitch! You are so gonna have to drag me with you, because I am NOT going willingly."
My camera wasn't working on Thursday, so I couldn't take any pictures. I was thinking I needed a new one until I got home. Then I discovered I had left the memory chip in the computer when I'd downloaded photos the night before. Doh!
Since today was our last "official" day of freedom we spent it relaxing at home & watching movies. We also took a drive by the ocean and got some yummy pizza and wings for dinner. Now I'm off to snuggle with my hubby before we both have to hit the hay! <U+2665> Goodnight!
lime or lemon wedges
I shot bending down to the same low level, no tripod needed but probably would have helped!
So we start making fun of these excerpts, and decide it might be fun to have an Awful FanFic Book Club. One thing leads to another, and here we are. We are going to do this chapter by chapter, because in all honesty if I had to read an entire fanfic in one sitting, I would very likely be in a clock tower with a high powered rifle somewhere before breakfast.
Adopting a lacto-ovo vegetarian diet does not automatically mean an improvement in health. One of the advantages of lacto-ovo vegetarianism is that eggs and dairy products are good sources of the protein, vitamins, and minerals for which vegetarians may have special requirements. Both eggs and dairy products, however, are generally high in calories and fat, and contain cholesterol and saturated fat.
Despite the fact that I've written for the past few years about how being imperfect is both understandable and okay, I still beat myself up a bit on the bad days. You'd think I would have learned by now, but life is simply not so neat as to always be reflective of steps forward, or even staying in neutral. Sometimes life is a few steps back, as well.
Next, I’ve twice proven that I’m a Science Fiction geek of the finest kind by twice answering the most questions correctly on the Friday Quiz over at Scifi Media. Test your skills every Friday. It’s super fun and you, too, can win a No Prize Award. :-)
Robinson Cano - Oh the humanity!!! -2 pts
When the promotional material for a forthcoming show promises that a group of women will reveal “the secrets that have previously been shared only at private events” then you’ve bloody well got my attention right there.
My Islam is Zevi helping the universe heal
Okay, I know people might tell me that a good Philly Steak Sandwich should be from Philadelphia. Since I didn't get to travel to Philly, I figured what difference is there. The only thing I can compare is the Philly Steak Sandwich that I had back home from a bistro and from Phat Philly.
The latest film, “The Muppets” (2011) follows Walter, the world’s biggest Muppet fan, his brother Gary (Jason Segel) and Gary’s girlfriend, Mary (Amy Adams), from Smalltown, USA, as they head to Los Angeles for vacation and discover the nefarious plan of oilman Tex Richman (Chris Cooper) to raze Muppet Studios and drill for the oil recently discovered beneath the Muppets’ former stomping grounds.
For ten hours on MondayJacqueline Traide was subjected to gruelling "tests" which included having her mouth clamped open, a strip of her hair shaved off, force-fed and generally tested upon in ways similar to how an animal would be for cosmetic testing. And all this happened in the window of a store on Regents Street, London.
lay the parchment over the pastry in the flan dish and press it lightly on top of the pastry and then pierced pastry with fork first and pour of dried beans or nuts to weigh the pastry , heta the oven 200C and bake for 10 minutes and the tahe the beans out and bake them again for another 10 minutes.
Wood and lacquer antique Japanese owan bowl. The bowl and lid are finished with lacquer and decorated with gold maki-e art. The bowl is in good condition with no cracks though the lacquer is a bit worn in places along the lip and there are some small marks and scratches from handling as well as a slightly darkened patina of age.
where it's a run.
On the eve of the predicted Singularity, the Cosmist collective issues a statement to the Terrans: “Concentrate, and listen carefully. Humanity must continue to evolve. To halt our natural evolution into radical transhumanism would be an insult to the very nature of humanity itself. Furthermore, after the Artilect is integrated into our world economy and politics- as is inevitable- only radically intellectually enhanced transhumans will be able to relate to, understand, and interact with the strong AI infrastructure. Resistance is futile. You can’t stop a rocket by throwing a stick at it.”
and are buoyed away by air
Set completion: 60/165 (36%)
Arshavin was an archetypal Arsenal flair player with his career at the club following a path well trodden by the likes of George, Marinello, Petrovic, Nicholas and Limpar. It seems that it will end in the same way also.
I can’t come in and bring the healing salve that you need
I’ll stem the horror and put Ruby’s character on the fringe – I will make the character an isolated case. This character describes (maybe just in “Zone of Proximity” sort of way, sorry for the jargon) a variety of contemporary people that actually exist – criminals in Supermax prisons, detainees at government facilities like Guantánamo Bay, people inside situations that they can neither cope with nor flee from, people that are in situations where they are no longer protected by the fragile blanket of the law.
The 299 passengers and 13 crew on board were evacuated using escape slides in a drama that closed the airport for several hours. Fifteen required hospital attention, many with suspected broken bones. Scores of other flights had to be suspended, delaying thousands of passengers
Filipinos are mostly brown skinned, but there are a variety of shades from mocha light brown, to sunbathed dark brown, to almost black but not enough to look like African ebony. There are even some Filipinos who look almost like fair-skinned foreigners because they have fair-skinned ancestors. Our colonial masters, the Americans, the Spaniards, and the Japanese, are nations where the fairer ones were once, or, in certain respects, still remain, dominant, powerful, and privileged.
I noticed that when I am home in everyday-ville I don’t pee quite so frequently, but the constant urge is still there. I just know the toilet is within a 10 second dash if my release valve is about to go off so I hold off for as long as possible because every second is precious in my “taking care of business” mindset. But when you’re on the road with a possible 45 minute wait between toilets, the urge becomes increasingly more powerful.
Mass Action, Aleksei Gan, and the Social Aesthetics of Russian Constructivism
* btw… have you tried the Spotify iPad app yet? We’ve been playing around on an iPad 2 version, sans-retina excellence but hey. And, no apps on this app, perhaps a disappointment but functionality, playlists, and usability seem great.
Been a few days - things are a bit up in the air at the house of Jelly at the moment so it's a card I made last week to show you today. It uses a combination of goodies from the new Stampin' Up! Summer Mini Catalogue combined with just as scrummy stash from the main Idea Book and Catalogue. I've created yet another pop up card:
Vert: 18,100'
The very fact it was reported in this way means that someone thinks its important. To me a natural birth is one without intervention and nobody is going to have that these days; we’re all made to be in hospital generally so you’ll be lucky! I didn’t have a natural birth I had an augmented birth because I had syntocinon to re-start my contractions.
Design plans have started for the new Titanic, which will have the same dimensions as its old version with 840 rooms and nine decks. The new vessel is expected to make its maiden voyage from London to New York in late 2016.
Saladin Ahmed. However, the ebook is over ten dollars, and I just can’t bring myself to spend that much money on an ebook. I’d rather spring for the hardcover and spend a little bit more. Weird how that works. I’ll probably wait until the price drops in a few months before I read it. But that brings me back to not having a book to read. Any recommendations? I’m up for nearly any genre.
Welcome, old (and new) friends! I’m sure some of you remember my old blog “A Touch of Garlic.” At the end of last summer, I dropped off the face of the Earth between balancing a new job and consulting part-time for my old one, and moving. Then at the end of December when I could actually breathe again – bye, bye old job for good – and I decided 2012 would be my year, I wanted to give this blogging thing another shot since many of my friends said they missed it, or at least missed the easy access to my recipes! But it just didn’t feel right writing on the old blog – so much has changed in my life in the two years since I started it. So, I bombed the old and it’s taken me this long to get my act together. What can I say, I’ve been busy?
We are the Sherlock Holmes English-speaking vernacular,
Sure it rained crumbs in a pretty sweet arc pattern.
In the museum was a restaurant which took street kids in and taught them how to cook and gave them the skills needed to help themselves, the food we ate was nice (not up to Chinese standard yet) but it felt good to be paying a little more and being able to help these kids in a positive way.
Recalling Firm: Various companies
But through his music, I had learnt alot.
I am simply disappointed in how you behave, its not the first time you've done this according to various individuals, even to the point that this is a common practice for you.
ooh's and aah's
Flung into car
Can you imagine having your cake designer using the lace from your gown or your mom's wedding gown and matching it to your cake!
Holy Mother-of-God, I must give off an aura of woundedness to the world…
As a treat to end the year on Hubby and I decided to go over to Penguin Island.
A lot of this has been about relationships – both platonic and not. A friend once said to me, “If a person is draining your energy, not supplying it, cut them out – there’s not enough time in life to deal with the suckers.”
READY TO TUMBLE! Satellite hurtles toward Earth – and scientists can’t say when or where it will hit
The following post is the result of a Muslim, who knows me personally, who has recently deemed it okay to violate the sanctity of our religious-bond, by slandering me, by accusing me of being a Homosexual, something that’s considered a Major-Sin, according to classic Islamic-Texts. Let me first clear the air to all those who may read this: I am not a Homosexual, I’ve never have been. Now, if this is not good enough for some people out there, well, then, that’s your problem. I am a Muslim, and I am a Human being. Those who know me know who I am & how I live. So, for me to even have to jump out of the window, in order to clarify something that someone has viciously said about me, to purposely tarnish my Islamic social-standing, is really cruel. Anyway, I’ll get back to that in a while. Now, I intend to explore more of the Islamic spin on the subject of Slander.
There’s reason to be lieve Steinberg will make another stab at marketing trait selection to would-be parents, despite the uproar. “Genetic health is the wave of the future,” he told the New York Daily News. “It’s already happening and it’s not going to go away. … There’s nothing that’s going to stop it.”
Condition: Brand New- 10/10
I am pleased that in Poland we have more and more women that appreciate such way of dressing.
Judging by the exercises he had me do today (something with ropes, then something with my feet on a big ball while I kept my hips in the air and tensed by ass muscles, then something called kettle bells where I had to sort of swing the ball thingy and thrust my ass forward (gosh, I hardly KNOW you!), hanging from strappy things with stirrups and arm straps and so on) I had a very hard time not making jokes about how it all reminded me of the episode of Sex & the City when Samantha experimented with a sex swing. I kept getting mental images of everyone in that gym hanging upside down and nekkid as jaybirds. I managed not to make the joke, as, poor kid, he just met me. I've learned that the average younger Norwegian needs time to get used to me. I'm like a fine wine or scotch....it takes time to fully appreciate all my flavors and nuances.
other.” In so far as the self develops in this way, the beliefs, values,
This week there were two grim news stories illustrating the callousness of American society towards its young adults.
Primary was busy as usual. We had the Sunbeam A teacher (Andrea), home with Luke (can't take him out for a few days, doctors orders), and we currently don't have a Sunbeam B teacher (she moved last week). Luckily, Laurie was subbing for the A class, and Kayley said that she'd sit with the B class for the first hour. There was few enough kids (usually 8-10 in each class - but only 8 total today) that we could combine A & B together, then just get an extra "body" to "crowd control". It worked nicely.
drwxrwxr-x 4 root root 96 Oct 11 13:14 VRTSvxvm
RND 3-4: sc in each st around (16 stitches)
After the runaway success of Balaji Motion Pictures ‘ 2005 hit comedy Kyaa Kool Hain Hum, the team of the film reunites for the rib-tickling sequel, titled Kya Super Kool Hai Hum starring Tusshar, Riteish Deshmukh, Neha Sharma and Sarah-Jane Dias, the film is scheduled to release on August 2, 2012.
I guess it does kind of reflect my spirit, I never give up and dont like to take no for an answer. While I really liked the job I found the salary began to be an obstacle. Already salaries are way lower in France then in the U.S. but when you add the cost of living, especially with a child, and then add taxes to the mix I felt that I was left with nothing at all. Its true that during this time I have taken quite a few vacations (à la francaise)in anycase I just didnt feel like I could save the way a person working full time should be saving. So once again I went on the search for something with a more appropriate salary in the beginning I was searching for everything and anything. But as the search went on, I found more and more positions which I actually found interesting and weren't just "jobs".
Jan Hammer Crockett’s theme US
I'm sorry, I do not understand. Let's try this another way.
I worked on and sent two along to Michael very late last year just before I left to go overseas.
Another character I liked hearing about is Tom Riddle. It is always interesting to hear more about him (him being Lord Voldermort). Seeing that he is reaching out even as he is in this weakened state.
Baby Guy wore out just from watching his oldest sister’s hard work. Yes, this is a completely gratuitous photo of a sleeping baby.
1 role
And do you know what's so wonderful about all of these Christmas songs written by people who don't celebrate Christmas? They're all classics that give you the warm fuzzies. I like 'em all (and don't tell my wife that; she thinks I hate Christmas music, so I've been fooling her all this time).
Not the lines of age and pain,
My daughter Jasmine and her fellow pupils at Echelford Primary School have been eagerly waiting for this date since last summer when the Voice In A Million project first came to light. They have been practising tirelessly under the tutor ledge of their choir master Mr Bruce and joined other schools on the night to form a mass choir of 4,000 voices (the current number of children in the UK awaiting adoption), who would back a series of soloists throughout the night.
Surely you can carry the yoke with ease given your incarceration in prison, the unceremonious and acrimonious slanders slammed upon you and your family, and most importantly with the dedicated support of the coalition members who have come a long way of fifty over years struggling with commitment and determination despite the mammoth and almost insurmountable challenges and frustrations thrown in their way.
I understand the relationship between myself and the blogger is for me to try to promote my products and get more people to try and hopefully love them. :) For the blogger I know that it is to promote their blog, twitter, etc..
Making this all more troublesome is ABC’s announcement that “Good Morning America” will stunt an afternoon hour this summer. The network announced that it will cancel the poorly developed “The Revolution” — the show that replaced “One Life to Live.”
Level 12: Damage: +12%, Critical Rate: +12%.
While sitting here with a box of frozen peas resting on my shin–nursing a gift from an errant baseball during a little game of ball outside today–I thought I’d pen my next entry. I finished up Rick Riordan’s The Lost Hero last night and would like to pick up that old stick, the typo debate. Typos are EVERYWHERE and if you don’t think that there’s typos in professional books, you haven’t been reading much.
So I'm one week in at my new place of employment, and am cautiously optimistic. No job is perfect, of course, but it seems like the kind of place where I can settle in, do good work, and live my life outside of 8-5.
But, how many times will I see that scene in my mind’s eye? … “I don’t want to go”.
And that made me think about legacy: what we leave behind. I wonder if the robin left anything behind, or was his life and death intended to remind me – specifically – about the ticking clock and in some way remind a reader of this blog - yes, you – about things left undone?
Yes the Dutch Clover is really starting to pop out here now. It has been up and blooming in some spots for a week or more but the new nectar producing blooms are finally pushing through in enough numbers to get the working girl's attention.
Your faucet's flow rate indicates how much water passes through your faucet during a given amount of time. In the U.S., it is often measured in gallons per minute (gpm). The bigger the flow rate, the more water you consume.
I FINISH: far less of them than I should
Lunch: Leftovers, PB&J, bananas, cuties, Goldfish crackers, salads, Baked Mac & Cheese from the freezer
Joseph Harker gives us Reverie Sixteen: Nothing But a Pack of Cards, which offers us an involved process that’s a whole lot of fun. I have a labeling machine and now have a pack of cards with all sorts of possibilities. Go on over to read the whole.
- firm, dense head, without being overly carbonated
The look of the store is absolutely crucial. It’s about being that place that everyone wants to be; you need to create that lust. You see that at the top end when Louis Vuitton does an amazing window display with a very famous artist: you’re going into an art gallery as much as you are going into a shop to buy something. Inside the store it is vital to create a distinct brand identity. This will be different for everyone: Reiss always makes their shops look incredibly beautiful, stylish and upmarket; there’s always a lot of space between the hangers so the clothes are easily viewed. In Next, they fill in as much space as possible to say here’s as much choice as possible.
born: April 4, 1952
I once wrote an article on how the entire New South Africa is one giant Zimbardo experiment
I was able to review 3 items from their new Spring scent line called Haven. Haven is as refreshing as a barefoot walk thought the dewy green grass, as calming as a glimpse of sparkling sea, and as revitalizing as a breath of crisp clean air. Haven awakens and rejuvenates. It also blends fresh notes of seashore breeze with floral hints of lavender and jasmine , all grounded by woody Amber and sweet musk. Conjuring romantic visions of a claw-foot bathtub surrounded by twinkling candle light on a beach of sunset. Haven softly whispers to your senses, whisking you away to bask in the luxury of true escape.
and “bitch” all the girls.
link back to share what you do with us !
As far as investors are concerned, (FASB has) have eliminated (standards). There is essentially no oversight of companies by accountants any longer. Accounting statements are all but worthless. Frauds like Enron, Lehman Brothers and Overstock.com are everywhere. Companies can hide risk from investors, misstate earnings without fear of reprisal, engage in any manner of deceptive gamesmanship.
At the very least, we need to ensure the viability of Social Security for generations to come. The anticipated shortfalls in the Social Security fund can be addressed by raising the current cap on payroll taxes that fund the system.
“And what would Arham say ?” She asked him quietly.
- They can be rebellion against authority figure as they were pressured most of the times.
don't you think?
Movement: Yesterday morning I thought I might have felt some "popcorn" movement, and pretty much pretended all morning that it was the baby. However, I think it was probably gas bubbles or something else, because (a) it's looking like I'll probably have an anterior placenta again, and (b) the baby was moving around like crazy during the ultrasound and I didn't feel a thing.
Cami: Black camisole (inside) from MARKS & SPENCER
Motherships, as you have already seen in China and Moscow film footage,
Some of these photos, like the one below, show the old house (built in 1909) as currently advertised on a variety of real estate websites, looking empty and sad. Peeling paint, leftover furniture, and covered windows give the impression of something in neglect, desperately in need of a new owner.
We need to have more senior people, male and female, talking openly about the ways in which they carve out time in their lives for their families. And, of course, we need more senior people actually doing it.
The ineffective Ji-sung Park was replaced with Danny Welbeck 12 minutes into the second half in the hope of finding an equaliser, but neither him nor the later additions of Valencia or Young added any real creativity to United’s display. Alex Ferguson’s frustration was illustrated in his touchline spat with Roberto Mancini with around ten minutes remaining, and the two had to be separated as tempers flared. United struggled to exert any real pressure on Joe Hart’s goal, and the match ended without them registering a single shot on target for the first time since a 0-0 draw with Arsenal at Old Trafford in 2009. The final whistle was greeted with scenes of jubilation from those associated with the blue side of Manchester, and left City with the prospect of becoming the fifth team to claim the Premiership crown.
Follow me on Twitter: pixievaclinda
Sweet butterfly hat for a tiny tiny baby. Baby doll pictured has head circumference of 12".
3.the whipper
the doctor said that he is going to be a tall boy, no surprise there since his daddy is 6'3, and that he is developing perfectly. he also said that we are good to start feeding him rice cereal twice a day, once in the morning and once in the evening. in a month, he said we can start giving him half a serving of vegetables at lunch, which should be easy to do considering my husband surprised me with this bad boy on mother's day...
And all the pretty flowers had died
The apostle Paul is in custody and the chief Captain of the Roman army is trying to find out the truth of the uprising in Jerusalem. This was going to be done by whipping. Paul reveals to him that he was out of order for he also was a Roman citizen.
Weren’t you adored?
After the kids finished with their craft, they got to enjoy more library time. Tinsley and Hunter went to sign in to use the computers, while Weston and I found some books and toys to play with. Before leaving, we all had a book each and picked up a "Pirate" movie, Treasure Island, to fit in with the theme for the day.
I am drinking tea, catching up with the emails and thinking about when to grab the bathroom to have a shower - with an 11 yr old daughter it gets harder to grab a slot !
So this is the follow-up from my earlier post on the upgrades/development at the Westway. Here are some CG renderings of what the wall will look like;
I don’t know about the rest of you, but I’m a little speechless right now. That was an ending that I didn’t see coming! Ok, I saw it coming about ten seconds before it happened, but I am thoroughly stunned by it now!
Kobe Bryant Luxury Watches For Luxurious People
Joel Garfinkle responded with the calm voice of experience when I asked how leaders can build confidence in others. “Ask them how they overcame an obstacle or succeeded in the past. Everyone has achieved something.”
That's all the food photos I can share, I didn't manage to take any other pictures that day (so typical). The macaroni salad from Cook's Country Magazine (my FAVORITE magazine ever!) was so good too...next time.
Update: Julia weighed in at 10 lbs at her appointment today (2-2-12). They want babies to be back up to their birth weight by two weeks. I think she's good!
Drop rounded tablespoons of batter (I use a small scoop that I have) onto ungreased cookie sheet. Bake for 11-14 minutes. Cool on wire racks. Store in an airtight container for up to 4 days. Makes about 36 cookies (I made 42)
I drove up from the crossroads. It was one hundred metres from the VG grocery shop on the corner. I knew that because I’d measured it with a measuring wheel from school when we were learning about measurements, units and maths. Then I could see the school railings. They comprised of a wall bricked up to about a foot high upon which were yard high gloss black railings each ending in a point.
While Autumn winds sigh through the heather
"Couldn’t I just wear my old coat?"
Tell me what your conceptions of homeschooling are? I am curious to know what you think about it. It is not for everyone. Even if it is not for you, what are your feelings on other's who choose this path?
“That’s correct. You may get pressure test recordings, but because you’re leaking pressure, they are not reliable,” Bea explained.
Here is a sneak peek at what I have been working on between orders for the last few weeks. I have had so many requests to turn my Rainbow Owl Family door hanger in to a cot baby mobile and here it is.
Either that or I’ll bore y’all to tears. Both are equally possible.
I believe every one of us has a problem or issue that he or she is facing at this very moment! The good news I want to share with you is in every mess there is a message. Be patient with the mess to get the message that God wants you to receive from it. God is remolding you from dirt to clay, from clay to a beautiful piece of pottery, for all to see and bare witness. God plans for you are victorious. Place your hope in him. Your faith is in his hands through his promises in the book of lamb.
I searched all over the library, with no sign of Amelia, with a sigh of relief I headed to the back corner and to the locked door.
Some of the same activists who helped publicize and lead the charge for the solidarity protests are spreading their wings to more local matters, and for the third week in a row headed to protest in front of the presidential compound, the Muqataa, against the PLO returning to negotiations with Israel.
trying to achieve?
To get better shares, instead of typing a post, upload a picture and write a comment on the photo with the link. Having a great photo increases the shares much better. Anytime you can get the focus off the text and onto the photo instead, you're much better off.
I phoned the city police and let them know what happened and they told me that they have my phone number in case they needed a statement.
Will the Muslims ever practice tolerance or accept peace with the West or anywhere else for that matter? No, never. The Koran—which Obama always refer to as the “holy Koran”—is replete with directives to fight for “Allah’s cause” (Koran: 9.88), to “fight and kill the disbelievers wherever you find them” (Koran: 9:5) and twenty other calls to war and murder. There is a reason why their weapon of choice is a Muslim man or woman who is willing to kill themselves in order to kill you.
Sumner’s Falls is a section of the Connecticut River in Hartland, VT. Not a waterfall, as the name suggests, but a stretch of whitewater popular among kayakers. An old logging road provides access to the remote spot.
She loved him even when he was big and bad and buff. She knew that inside that tough man was the heart of a marshmellow....yes that girl loved that boy.
For years, I stayed clear of the kitchen. I was klutzy, I burnt things, I had a deep-seated fear of frying. My ineptitude in that particular arena was fed by others’ mockery to the point I loathed cooking. Having to be in the kitchen to prepare dishes was akin to being forced to watch competitive ice dancing– torturous. Luckily I had parents, siblings, cafeteria workers, and fast food employees to hook me up with fresh, hot meals.
We have carried Karol Martins before and we are taking special orders for the Ballerina Lover collection until March 10th. If you're interested in any of the styles here and would like to order them or request more information, just send us an e-mail to: info@bellabellaboutique.com. Click here to peruse the lookbook and to see the complete collection in greater details.
Our day started with a 6am wake up, which was really nice. Then we piled in RJ’s whip we jammed up 5N and onto PCH until we got to the park. We arrived with plenty of time to spare and managed to get in a nice little 5 min warm up run before lining up at the start. Our race went off at 8am and it was already getting warm as we all toed the line, so I knew that the climbs would be HOT!
Not as easy to capture
Dear Fruitloopmum fans. I have just encountered a brand new way of shopping. Guy’s stick with me here, cos it’s not just some woman’s thing ok? It’s awesome. It’s inspired. Plus, I bloody well wish I had thought of it and sold the idea to retail establishments cos it’s gonna be an absolute CRACKER! And my god, how much fun is this?
30 Squat Jump + Diamond Touch (touch your toes together when you jump up)
I suppose we are all influenced by seasonal rhythm and ritual more than we realize. I still expect SUMMER to begin on that last weekend of May. It feels strange to fret, in July, with early morning alarm bells, piano exams and school bags. The high point of the summer has passed, and yet here we are -- still limping along, trying to adhere to a routine that has lost its relevance. I'm sure that by the end of August I will long for routine again, but just now I'd like to lay in the grass and listen to the hum of insects.
Total word count: 550
Kronos, tricked gods and demigods (half human, half god) to do his will.
GREETINGS:
By the way, if we ever get this to become a “household term” and people, like, refer to their favorite directors and, hell, even themselves as “screwball existentialists” that’d be fine by me, because I know lots of people whose personal philosophies I’d say fit the bill (I may even go so far as to say those are my favorite “kinds” of people), and, yeah, I’d like to think I more often than not fall darn nicely into that category along with them. I got a monumentally good Reuben sandwich today from a deli in a dying strip mall.
I'll find someone
However any political fallout appeared to be limited because protesters were at least partly to blame for the violence, which resulted in hundreds of arrests.
After Yoochun been introduce with his father friends, he began to presentation. During his presentation…
Hoppin' Frog Frog's Hollow Double Pumpkin Ale
32. Rosie - The McDonald Family
My musical journey started in standard 4th, a year after my grandmother passed away. She was an accomplished Harmonium, Tabla player and a Percussionist, in short a multi-instrumentalist. She was a Kirtankar (Kirtan means chanting hymns, mantras to the accompaniment of instruments such as Harmonium, Tabla, Percussions and The person performing Kirtans is Kirtankar).
Imagine that city.
e) *insert your own word* therapy/program
What a difference a year makes, especially for a dog! I started blogging just about a year ago, and so far my blog has had 25,000 hits– I figure that for a dog, that’s about 7 years and a million hits. Most humans that come here want to learn more about (a) fracking, (b) symbolic interactionism, or (c) Panic! At the Disco. Sometimes, they just want to see a cute picture of me:
Armed with little more than her enthusiasm, she charges headlong into London, baffling the locals in her pursuit of a new life, new love and sense of herself.
Like a beautiful light that burns my eyes
I did make a few changes in order to save calories. The nutritional info below does NOT reflect my changes, so the calories and fat are actually less than noted. I used fat free half-and-half instead of the full fat version like the recipe states. I also used skim milk instead of the 1% noted in the recipe.
‘Many a mickle makes (or ‘maks’) a muckle’ is a curious Scottish saying of antiquity, although it is also common in the North of England and not entirely unknown elsewhere. It is derived from ‘A wheen o’ mickles mak’s a muckle’, and means ‘many of one thing make another, larger, thing’. A simple lesson, but one which needs restating; one must always look after the pennies. Source
Otherwise, Hamilton is a city ripe for the riding. With very few hills, besides the Escarpment, it should be a biking no-brainer, but Moyle feels the one-way streets are among the biggest barriers for a lot of cyclists. Even confident riders like himself can find it daunting to make a left turn off Main Street, where multiple lanes of traffic make it impossible to signal your way across the road.
Really know how to fly.
Secondly, entrance to the tour is in timed slots and the studio has very sensibly limited the amount of people who can enter the tour at any one time (and I hope they continue to do this in the future as I believe it is the key to its success). This means that although there are several people looking at the same exhibits as you, there aren’t huge queues, (even the queue for the broomstick and flying car green screen photographs wasn’t as bad as queuing to get into Ollivander’s Wand Shop in Florida (and didn’t involve standing in blazing sunshine for over an hour) or so many people milling around that you can’t see or photograph the exhibits properly, as was also the case in
5th: My PaPa died that day.
and fully got wayward and went totally awol. “
Knocken knees here and everything! Over the last
All things come into the open when Chizuru and Ayane confront Ume about her plans and the girl finally reveals the truth behind her plan. Defeated and humiliated, Ume finds herself confessing to Sawako who just can’t believe the girl was capable of such a horrible and selfish plan. It is through her tears that Ume explains why she had fallen in love with Kazehaya and – in a strange way – they both share the same reason why they are so attracted to him. Oh yeah, Sawako not only loses a friend but gains a rival.
With a total of 140-160 amp hours used in day sailing and additional 160-180 used for night sailing it is clear that we would need much larger batteries to sail for 24+ hours. Good thing this is not in our usage plan. If we need to sail for longer periods we will need to motor sail for a while to charge batteries.
Shredded mozzarella cheese, optional
haircuts at the barber,
Possibly the homeliest foursome ever to trouble Saturday morning TV, Vanilla was a girl group from Barnet, London consisting of sisters Frances and Alison Potter, plus their friends Alida Swart and Sharon Selby. Releasing just two singles for EMI in 1997 and 1998, it is the first of these we feature today.
And he was that guy, that guy who never held you
BECAUSE WE KNOW THAT -
The basic tenant of any wardrobe is to invest in classic and neutral. You hear it all the time in reference to a woman’s wardrobe. If you want to have more options, buy classic pieces that will stand the test of time and then add a couple of trendy pieces for fun. Kids clothes are no different, especially if you have your eyes set on handing down the clothes or reselling them. While it’s true that kids clothes rarely trend as quickly as woman’s fashions, there ARE colors, characters and girls’ dress styles that can become dated. So to maximize your budget, populate the kids wardrobe with classic pants, skirts and tops that can be mixed and matched, then add two or three fun pieces each season.
The ferry dock at Saanich is about 30 km. north of Victoria.
After lunch we picked up the waverunner and headed home to try to beat any severe thunderstorms that were heading our way. Luckily for us, the storms stayed north. We're praying for the parts of Wichita, Oklahoma, Iowa and other parts of Kansas that didn't get so lucky.
I'm not necessarily going for 12 more, but if I could, I'd be ecstatic! I'd be happy with 6. I didn't have this as anything I deliberately was doing - but now that I've "accidentally" lost 12 pounds, I might try and keep moving forward and see what happens!
In the meanwhile, just keep in mind and hold dear to your heart that NO MATTER WHAT ANYONE SAYS (seo experts, search engines, online friends), you are ALWAYS better off by having quality unique website content or blog content. With this in mind, it would not hurt to go back through your blog posts and correct what you can. This can make a world of difference for someone using Blogger opposed to Wordpress or Typepad. Blogspot / Blogger does not have the same extensions and SEO capabilities as the other two blog platforms, therefore unique content and proper external SEO will help your Blogspot / Blogger rank better in the search engines.
- EPPY Program Award
The best part...I have a paper pack to give away (thank you to Bazzill for providing this to us for one of our readers) It's valued at over $23.00...and the one lucky winner will receive a paper pack of 2 of each color shown here. Aren't the colors gorgeous?
It is a day of hospitality. During the week, of course I get to meet other moms for informal get-togethers at the playground, but overall we are all pulled into our separate routines. Shabbat means opening our doors to others for a leisurely Shabbat meal full of laughter, noise, fellowship and sharing. It also means inviting, sometimes on the spur of the moment, neighbours whom we don't normally see during the week. It means forging connections, building a real community of friends who can count on each other in times of need.
My main goal of sending my second daughter to a French school is not to teach her French. My goal is to let her brain get stimulated by being in a little more structured environment than being with me and by interacting with other kids. This place is for small kids to play and that’s great. My daughter wants it. My friend’s daughter and mine are the oldest there, but I don’t need to put my 2-year-old in an educational environment yet.
country parties, everything and everyone is colored orange and red-white-blue, fairs , markets and parades in every city, people get wasted, music everywhere, silly costumes, our Queen and the royal family make a visit to another city each year, etc…. overall it’s a huge festive day! I usually don’t mingle in the queens day crowd but it’s something you must experience if you want to understand Dutch culture better. But yeah since I forgot about is and he already booked his flight he could not experience queens day this year and I feel a bit guilty because I had been telling him
But in Los Angeles, when the rains come, they shuffle like turtles, crawling slowly from the North. The dark clouds grow darker over several days, hanging over the mountains and moving down at an elephantine pace… sparingly, hesitatingly, and with no great enthusiasm for a parched friend, they drop sparse water drops and move on.
Design for embroidered fire screen, 1912, by Duncan Grant
As you can see, the Sunscreen case is shaping up to be a big one and being the fine steward of my Planet and Humanity that I am I did a little more digging. I found some more interesting stuff for you and yep, there will be a pop quiz and solution at the end!
(krystylwaechter@gmail.com)
1. Heat your oil at high temperature
The Etsy Registry is so easy to navigate. All you have to do is sign up and pick the items you love. How much fun! I wanted to share some of my favorite finds from each of the categories. I hope you can all get some inspiration from them or even purchase a few for yourself or a friend. Here we go!
“I’m from London,” he replied.
Now, forgive me for stating the bleeding obvious, but the Fascist salute adopted by the Fascisti of Italy, was the salute of the Roman Empire. Used by many other Nationalist organisations across Europe, it has been called the 'spear' due to the perfect straight line of the arm from shoulder to finger tips. The open palm symbolises trust, as no weapon can be thus concealed. Does the salute given by Breivik look like an open handed Roman salute?
Like a lot of people, I can track back to the first time NASCAR truly peaked my interest – it was February 18, 1979, maybe the most famous day in NASCAR history. In the first NASCAR race ever televised flag to flag by a major network (CBS, as part of the CBS Sports Spectacular franchise), Cale Yarborough and Donnie Allison fought for the lead of the Daytona 500 all the way down the backstretch of the last lap, crashed and then fought in the infield. This was unheard of in IndyCar racing, at least that they televised. Even A.J. Foyt didn’t start punching guys until 1997.
Another important point to remember is that, in those days, children as young as ten years old were leaving home in search of work. They would often find work quite far from home and they would return home on rare occasions. Most of the children could only find work as servants in other, more fortunate families’ homes. However, this was one of the few days (if any) that they were allowed to take off. What you need to remember is that, in those days, most of the holidays that we know today had not been acknowledged yet and there were no real laws that forced employers to give their staff time off. Mothering Sunday was one of the occasions when everybody would return home to attend the service at their mother church. So, this was also an opportunity for the children to be re-united with their own mothers. This is probably why it is also so important today for us to take time off to spend with our mothers. We have so much to do all year long that the least we can do is give ourselves one day to spend with mum.
All of the products I used for this card (except for silver mirror board and embellishments) has been purchased from Crafters Companion. The SWALK image is the iconic image from SWALK and stamped onto Neenah card. The image was coloured in with Spectrum Noir pens. The following pens were used - hair - Natural Oak - 91 (TN8), Mahogany - 96 (TN7), face and skin - Baby Skin Pink - 133 (FS3), Milky White - 132 (FS2), clothes - Pale Baby Blue - 144 (TB2), Pale Blue Light - 185 (TB1), hearts - Rose Pink - 8 (PP5), surround of image - Warm Grey 0.5 ( BG1). The backing paper is from the first SWALK CDROM and printed onto blue paper from the specialised printable paper pack and main card (6"x 6") is made from blue card from specialised pastel card pack. I've also added a blue ribbon and heart diamonte buckle as a finishing touch!! Hope you like it!
(If the deers had known, they'da nefur dared).
Guns. Torture. Killing. MORE GUNS!
But instead it became a beautiful heartbreak.
pass the information along to any high school seniors and college students
“That’s right,” said the clerk. “We mark all of our herbs with both names, if we know them. We have quite a few customers that don’t know the official names of the herbs, just the folk ones. Which one are you looking for?”
A wish to seal the wounded walls of their cracked souls.
Pure adrenaline…
WS: It’s less the heists themselves, which – as you pointed out in your review of KINGS – tend to be low-tech and messy, as it is the pressures they put on the disparate participants, and the sometimes brutal fallout that follows (see above). Also, with Crissa, she’s a woman in a man’s world, and has to deal with that as well, by being twice as tough, twice as smart and twice as resourceful as the men around her, just to get by.
We can always pay one of their preachers to spin the story to our benefit. Those who initially refuse will be reminded in no uncertain terms that they can go back to preaching in a parking lot or whatever shack they were in; but they will not be able to say a word in that beautiful church you built. All their performances are at your command!”
Grumpy is freelance writer Lee Bemrose (leebemrose@hotmail.com) Word on the street is that he's a bit of a loose cannon.
Ethan - Ethan being the most patient person in the office doesn't seem to mind. he is always polite and friendly to her and he and I are both happy to laugh off the more unusual remarks.
I don’t mean that last comment as a joke, by the way. If mythology can be defined as the set of stories that people in a given society use to make sense of the universe and themselves, contemporary beliefs about the future of technology in the cultural mainstream of the industrial world fill that role, doubled, tripled, and in spades. Those of my readers who have come to take the challenge of peak oil seriously, and tried to discuss it with family members, coworkers, and friends who haven’t yet grappled with the issues themselves, can testify just how forcefully most of these latter cling to the belief that some technological gimmick or other will bail us out.
Waiter-"Right. Chips are on the way."
I can tell you things are getting better since my first post. The husband has done a one-eighty and completely fallen in love with her. My daughter and son are managing better now that I’ve given them some tools to avoid play that quickly turns too rough. “DOWN” and “OW” are working like magic charms. Ladybug and Trevor have more fun in the back yard with the doofus dog than all the hula-hoops and jump-ropes combined and I found the miracle “pacifier” for puppies that keeps her busy for just long enough for me to make dinner/post on my blog/fold laundry. Those chewy bone thingies. Yeah. I’m pretty sure that’s the official name for them.
Cali has been so much fun despite all the havoc and messes she creates. She has definitely lit up our home with more laughs and cuteness. Donovan and Morgan even shine a little brighter when they are spending time with her and doing something with her. I am definitely thankful this little one keeps me busier than Dono and Morgan did. I just need to remember that when she is into something!
I started my mini crawl at the Old Pear Tree, the Camra pub of the season in Wigan which also has a to let sign on. I moved on to the Royal Oak in that impressive part of Standishgate which features Camberwick Green-type Georgian houses.
Safety System with AirShockTM Technology and our Patented Triple-Fail-SafeTM Enclosure. A dramatic improvement in safety and play performance over conventional trampolines! The AlleyOop Sports line of trampolines combines superior quality throughout with the most advanced safety engineering to create the world’s best backyard trampoline systems.
that’s at least a place to start;
Now, Dona Estrella has heard from her distant cousin again.....the monks will not be coming after all.
I would like to enter into the following challenges:
[insert your blog's name] has been added to The Atheist Blogroll. You can see the Atheist Blogroll badge in my sidebar. The Atheist blogroll is a community building service provided free of charge to Atheist bloggers from around the world. If you would like to join, visit Mojoey at Deep Thoughts for more information.Your blog can contain nudity, but I draw the line at pornography. Blogs that portray pornography will be dropped. I am the sole judge when it comes to determining what is porn, although I do listen to the voice of the community. To Join:
With the addition of two spouses who made the trip, some two hours south of Paris, and the lady of the house and her husband, we were eight for lunch: aspic of asparagus with shrimp, roasted veal in a heavenly sauce of seasonal mushrooms, a cheese course, and a plum tart, all home-cooked. Monsieur poured a cremant from Burgundy for an aperitif (which then came with us to the table) and then followed with a red with the cheese. Meanwhile, the hostess regaled us with stories of her family through the ages. The property has been in the family since the 14th century although the house only since the early 18th. And despite some fabulous art work and furnishings, it's still very much a home as evidenced by the swing set in the yard and the stacks of puzzles, games, and doll furniture for the grandchildren. Not to mention the big screen tv which I didn't notice until much later in the afternoon when the master of the house could not resist checking out how France was doing in its Davis Cup match. FYI: they won.
Also, the sex. I remember when we used to have it. Like animals we were, with her into it as much as me. Sure, I was too rough on her when she was pregnant, but I apologized and she really wanted it. Now she avoids me when I’m in the mood. She’s never in the mood.
KUALA LUMPUR: AirAsia Bhd may have called off a press conference yesterday on Malaysia Airports Holding Bhd’s (MAHB) airport tax hike but that didn’t stop its co-founder from taking to Twitter to vent his frustration.
The teachers who do understand they must adapt in order to have their learners move ahead are very motivated but lack materials to make education ‘hands on’ or learner centered. This past week I met some teachers who are incredibly talented with recyclables and had the glimmer of hope that change can occur. Who knows, Obama became President!
Treasures of Early Irish Art, 1500 B.C. to 1500 A.D from the Collections of the National Museum of Ireland, Royal Irish Academy, Trinity College, Dublin by Polly Cone hits the £1 shelf in my shop.
All night I ebb and flow; I am
Even though this is a digital plan, I love the small bench with the rock at foot near the upper left corner. We'll add a bench at one of the fence lines, in direct site of the grass and the entire backyard!
They died. They did not need a meteor crashing to the ground or some single event to make them extinct. They were unable to survive as flightless birds probably due to their environment being disrupted by the addition of animals and people who may have hunted them or destroyed their nests which previously had been safe on the ground.
How do you “escape,” dear readers?
Pleated wool trousers: American Apparel-- $20 marked down from $75. Really warm and great for fall. Totally worth trying them on sans dressing room in fully lit wide open space bustling with somewhere around 200 strangers.
After they two share a kiss on the dancer floor, Callum scares Kristina off when he accidentally nips her with his fangs. She runs from him into the arms of a nearby werewolf. Only to be more scared by what she finds in his arms.
They're having an open house this weekend and free yoga classes - a great opportunity to check out a new local business run by terrific people.
Case in point this time is Umno VP Zahid Hamidi. Here, he exhorts Umno cybertroopers to step up their efforts to counter the “hate culture propagated by irresponsible groups against Umno.”
- Could take you for a drink and find out?
Materials : Soft Quality Cotton
You have to insert a tailor's ham inside before you stitch the lace.
Heck, I couldn’t believe to learn in Montana last year you could do just about the same thing on un-posted land. With the proper license in your pocket and a desire for bleeding feet and burning lungs, one can just traipse off into the mountains for a wide variety of big game. It’s still amazing to me stories I read about approaching farmers in the Midwest and elsewhere about hunting the Back Forty. Knock on the door of the Ol’ Family Farm with an offer to help with the harvest seemed to be the ticket for wonderful whitetails.
She just back from a 2 day stay at our country vet's office. Gypsy got her shots, her heartworm/parasite tests, and she also was spayed while there. She's a little sore today, but doing so well. I've kept her in the house since yesterday morning, but today she wants out. She's housebroken and all that hair keeps her quite warm so I don't really worry about her being out in the cold. I've seen her lying out in the middle of the pasture sound asleep on some of our cold days (which haven't been many - it's 80 degrees out today!) She loves the water and gets in our pond and loves to just run, just for the sake of running.
Brand tells the story of Kraft working for RCA Records in New York, until his bosses tried to dictate the look of the title character on an “Aida” album cover. “They wanted her to be chocolate,” Brand said. “And he wanted to make her black, and they wouldn’t let him. So he quit.”
Man, I am really glad she had an awesome time, because I am NOT doing that again. It's two days later, and I am still completely wasted tired. I was barely able to raise my head during the Academy Awards, which is one of the most sacred evenings of the year for me. (So sad this year that all I saw was "Slumdog" and "The Dark Knight," and almost nothing else that wasn't animated. But, I thought the show was great. Hugh Jackman? Consider yourself on my list.)
I wonder why I've never noticed these conifers change colour before? I was rather puzzled as I presumed all conifers were evergreen . Seems that they are not( took me a long time to realise this ...did anybody else think the same ? ) and I think these are Larch...........
Saturday, April 23rd
Obama sees American strength as provocative. He believes its nuclear arsenal is excessive, and hence worthy of reduction, without fearing in any way that shredding the nuclear deterrent might actually have profoundly deleterious consequences not only on US national security, but on security and stability in the world as a whole. He sees his presidency causing “the tide of war” to recede in Iraq, Afghanistan and elsewhere, just as his tenure will mark “the moment when the rise of the oceans began to slow”. Dramatic reductions in military budgets, and the consequent devastating reductions in force levels, capabilities and weapons systems, apparently do not trouble him even slightly.
Yes, that's right, following the furore Nanny has backed down and has told them that they can carry on doing the flowers.
Why this business would stimulate investor interest is not clear. Its total revenues for the nine months ending Sept. 30, 2011 (its last reporting date) were only $3,562 and its total assets were just $249,884.
A Where we are right now, what we found is that we couldn’t afford making the permanent collection free without cutting temporary exhibitions. So it wasn’t a viable economic model.
The TDS Austin office is being designed as a studio environment, utilizing open space, meeting and huddle rooms, and lots of natural light. The goal is creativity and collaboration. Dreary cubicle farms need not apply. The Technology Group team will share the office with sales and marketing teams, thus accelerating product strategy and sharing of ideas.
She asked if I wore crop tops to the gym to make everyone else feel bad. I don’t. Never have… Can’t say I never will. This will be the first time prepping for comp- and approaching comp- that I’ll have a gym membership. (Bodybuilding doesn’t count- that was a fiasco!) but this time I can!
The Pakistani Cabinet, however, approved the signing of agreements for cooperation and mutual assistance in customs matters, bilateral cooperation on mutual recognition between the Pakistan Standard and the Quality Control Authority (PSQCA) and the Bureau of Indian Standards (BIS) and on redressal of trade grievances between the two countries. The agreements are likely to be signed tomorrow in Islamabad.
And don't you think everyone needs a sign directing them to Le Petit Trianon, Marie Antoinette's beautiful little palace on the grounds of Versaille?
Did you see my little bluebird? It's glued to the top corner of the chalkboard. It broke off a Mary Engelbreit item (can't even remember what it was) and I just thought it was so stinkin' cute I had to save it and bring me some cheer. Glue's a marvelous thing!
(with the television on)
Where before I was feeling helpless and powerless and alone – a victim – now I have regained direction and strength and think I can help other team members, so that together we can creative a happier healthier united workplace. And hopefully, together, we can get rid of our bullying boss.
Answer: C
Mikes falls after 3 hours and approximately 45 minutes.
“Let’s go.”
Phew. (again) So grateful.
The “new” Shoreline programme focuses on points of interest along 3000 kilometers of the South African coastline, stretching from the desert border with Namibia on the Atlantic coast southwards around the tip of Africa and then north to the border with subtropical Mozambique on the Indian Ocean. Their aim is to give viewers what they call “a encyclopaedic picture” of the South African coastline. Subjects covered include natural history, marine biology, and archaeology of the various regions.
Fortunately modern day employers provide their employees with an entertainment device: the computer. Yes, they say these computers are for “creating PowerPoints” or “receiving management’s emails,” but we all know they really want us to spend find out about Tara Reid’s 24-hour engagement, subsequent marriage, and future divorce.
To the right is an activity I like to do each year. Each child is given Fruit Loops to create a pattern of choice. They glue them on then label their pattern by color, number and letter. They always like this activity because they get to each the leftover cereal!
i think my best interview was when the interviewer looked up everything i had listed on my resume (blog, online store etc.). they knew exactly where i was coming from. it made me feel appreciated and i could talk more fluently about my strengths/weaknesses. the worst question i've been asked was "what is the worst thing that has happened in your life and what did you do about it." this was for a financial position (which i thankfully did not get) and i had no idea how to relate my worst life experience to financial sales. to make matters worse, i have been blessed in my life time and haven't had anything too terrible happen so i had no clue what to say.
The show had something for everyone: fashion, photography and dance: Moffitt started out as a dancer, and struck many modern dance poses in her modeling. It was the ultimate mixed media presentation; the ground floor had “Basic Black” playing on one screen with a slide show playing Claxton photos of Moffitt decked out in Rudi’s stunning designs on the other. On the upper floor were original and replicas of Gernreich designs dressed up in mannequins around the room. Seeing his mod fashions in the flesh complimented the great Claxton fashion photography that framed the walls around the room.
I have really toured the world this year. Debuting my designs in Paris, New York and Highpoint, the last two with my wonderful US distributor Interdecorations.
Its latest market is Florida, home to a lot of transplanted New Yorkers.
They start many orders with a complimentary batch of hot tortilla chips, covered with beans and that pungent aged cheese. Honduras is also known for tamales elote- corn tamales that are a little sweet and a little savory. Served with a thick crema it’s one of the better Central American appetizers in town. Sweet plantains are lightly fried and served simply: just a little oil and Honduran sour cream. Honduran chicken comes in several forms, including an herby and juicy fried chicken. Strangely a small dollop of ketchup is dotted on each wing. It is served with a big mound of tasty slaw and super thin-cut fried plantain chips for a good texture mix. Soups are popular with the largely Hispanic crowd. Shrimp soup can come coconut-based for a simple and rich broth almost Thai-like in flavor. Decent shrimp (probably frozen), carrots, yucca and corn on the cob provide the substance. The soup is laced with cilantro and the result is a flavorful and filling lunch. They serve those thick tortillas and sticky rice on the side.
Pretty soon we will only find these posts in my archives, but until then, I will keep moving forward.
Last year when I was buying them for the first time for Runwild's preschool party, I went to 4 different stores trying to find Valentine's with envelopes. I did not succeed. Apparently, you can only get the ones that fold and seal with a sticker. Blahh.
I love the rockets used as panel breaks to the page and the cheerful faces on them and the title panel is delightful..
Life writing guru, Patti Miller, gave me the courage to actually begin this writing journey. I enrolled in her Life Writing course at Sydney Writer’s Centre in 2009. When Patti began to teach I felt an awakening in my spirit, my heart was pounding and I knew I had found my way home. My homework one week resulted in my first published piece – an article titled ‘Dad’s Last Day’ which appeared in Christian Woman magazine in Autumn 2010. Jenny Baxter, then Editor of CW magazine, helped me realise my dream of seeing my story in print. Her request to send some photographs to go with the article left me a little breathless. I slapped on lots of makeup and had my husband snap me looking elegant amidst the flowers in our garden, but I also sent along one or two old shots of Dad and I beside a trout stream. The photograph chosen was of Dad and I beside one of our favourite trout streams, my enormous green plastic waders giving me the telly tubby look. My ideas of glamour evaporated, but looking back I can see this was the best choice. Sadly, this article featured in the first CW magazine available only digitally. My dreams of holding my writing in my hands had to wait a bit longer!
Pendant above sink: Pottery Barn
“No matter what the individual behavioral pattern, all Pisceans must occasionally retreat from people and be totally alone. Pisceans are so prone to assuming the feelings of others and thinking of these absorbed vibrations as their own that they need regular periods of solitude in order to get back to themselves. They must retreat to build up their strength so that they may again face the onslaught of the outer world. This cycle is essential with periodic cleansings, his waters would soon become polluted by his and other people’s negativity. Pisces is a psychic sponge; for this reason, he should use great discrimination when choosing his friends and environment.” ~ By Alan Oken, Complete Astrology
Pratyush: – Chalo I will get you a taxi and then we will meet in the evening.
We had most of the felt and the card table was folded up in the garage. She drew a picture of the house she wanted to make and we started working. She drew her pattern onto the felt and cut everything herself. I made the MAIL letters for her, but she did almost everything else. She still wants to add a window and a flower box to the side. I'm so proud of her work! At first, I was thinking it would be tough for me to let go and let her create, imperfections and all. I've been really impressed with the quality of her work! I'd claim it for my own, if I wasn't so proud of her.
established and we
fresh green plants
Why did Israel expend so much money, time, and effort to develop the redundant Gospel Trail when the existing Jesus Trail already functioned well?
…because our kids learn about God and get to practice it as a community without feeling shy about who they are. Today, Manarat International’s Primary Section had a Spring Presentation. There were a few different items in there. The most fun was perhaps the presentation where kids from various countries dressed up in their attire and performed cultural dances. TJ was in the “Being a Muslim” presentation. Here is a picture of the event and the poem, itself. This is the first time when TJ has worn the full Saudi attire – thobe (ankle length garment), shumagh (checkered scarf) and igal (the black rope like material that keeps the shumagh in place) although TJ has worn the burka before for his older sisters’ video.
Dava Sobel, author of Galileo's Daughter and Longitude, had this to say:
But he added he was confident that Europe would do what was necessary.
I've been thinking about this blog and where it should go from here.
Image: Fan's Cricket
At the very end, comic book names we recognize presented comments. How these individuals became involved with the symposium is unknown to me.
Activities – There are instructions for 8 activities that parents can do with their children to help them learn the sight words.
Add cumin seeds to the hot oil. Then add ginger, chillies and garlic to that. After about 30 seconds, add juliennes of onion & capsicum.
When I'm looking out of the window I see a lot of things. Like skyscrapers. The gherkine. Other smaller "skyscrapers" (in fact are just too tall to call them normal houses but too small for skyscrapers). The national railway. People appearing like little ants walking their way down the high street. Yeah, indeed there are many things I can see! But there's one thing that just recently caught me (while I was having a little artistic pause between writing my essay (still no end in sight)). There were these white spots down there near the little plaza and as I'm gifted with far-sightedness....they looked like rabbits. Is it because Easter is coming closer!? No, they were actually there all season long and I was just not that attentive (shame on me). And of course I needed to use this super discovery for another post. My new friends were the perfect partner for some posing (in fact they are amazing - no talking, no questioning, no complaining ... just staying as they are all day long).
Mr. Geoffrey Herrera - Member
Yes, he’s faced tough opposition from Republicans. But hey, they are the “opposition” party after all. And he has only himself to blame for stinking up the joint so bad in his first two years that it cost the Dems the House in the mid-terms.
I don't know how things turn from "checking e-mail" to "changing the default color scheme and the screen resolution into something awful" without knowing how they did it. I didn't know what 'ctrl+x' did for the longest time, but my mom would somehow figure out how to do all that before a Google search even finished. "It must be a virus." No, it's not, you're just retarded. Is what I'd like to say, if I didn't have to worry about getting grounded.
Trix Prize Pack: Eileen B
You don't want coffee or tea. You want sleep...blessed sleep...
After, the First Lady flew to Des Moines, Iowa, to meet with Obama for America campaign staff at Windsor Heights Community and Events Center, where she spoke to about 400 people. She urged the invitation-only audience to stay focused and "fired up" because it could be a very tight race.
There’s no Pirates trailer up yet, but do we really need one? It’s going to be nearly three hours long, have approximately a dozen plot threads fighting for dominance, give Johnny Depp another opportunity to mince around like a deranged git, and I am going to bring a big bottle of rum to the theater and enjoy every damn minute of it.
1. By The Time I Get To Phoenix
Blame it on the rich. That’s the popular thing to do now. The reality is that most millionaires actually pay more tax, about a 30 percent tax rate. But there are loopholes that I personally would like to see dealt with, loopholes put in by our self-serving congress. Personally I would like to see a flat tax with no loopholes.
A manager told sheriff’s deputies that Abaire entered the store and asked for a glass of water around 10 p.m. Although the employee told him the cup was for water, Abaire filled it with soda at a fountain machine and sat outside the restaurant, according to an arrest report.
Remove outer tough stalks of fennel, slice very thinly, saving and chopping fronds.
Many believe that following Jesus with our heads and our hearts alone are enough. But true faith will be evident in changed behavior. All too often though we cling to our comfort and ease- even at the cost of our walk with God. It is so easy for us to become consumed with our personal success in life. We believe it’s all about wise choices, making good moves, and approval of those around us. We measure our greatness in terms of worldly success. But in God’s eyes our greatness is measured in how we express our concern for others- especially in those who cannot pay us back- the helpless, the needy and the poor.
-We can stop if it doesn’t work out
Marxism is not a mere economic system. Rather, it is a belief in a comprehensive historical theory of the world. In other words, according to Marxism, everything that has happened in the past, is happening now and will happen in the future is part of a predetermined and unstoppable "historical process."
What the world needs now is some accountability
held his heart in his hands,
1) How do we make wise, life giving use out of our judgment?
This story was also covered by other media outlets including CBS New York. Read and hear their account of this family reunion by clicking here.
Going into a local after work - at least where I am, away from a big city and in a small town - feels more wrong than right, more anti-social than social. The chaps at the bar have been there too long, it’s almost empty, it’s a realm of misbehaviour - drinking is bad for you, didn’t you know? And walk into a local pub and take a look around – there won’t be many people in their early 20s just sitting there and enjoying a beer. Call me bigoted, but if there are some then they aren’t likely to be the sort of guys who you’d feel comfortable socialising with, are they?This sums up something that I had been mulling over, that going to the pub, just for a drink, away from the obvious weekend busy times, has over the past ten or fifteen years has become somehow less respectable than it used to be. The respectable pubs of my youth have now become dining pubs, and where proper pubs do survive, all too often you go in them and find them dominated by a slightly seedy all-male drinking school clustering around the bar, with very few other customers.
Upon completing the journals, William discovers Stefan is the vampire priest. Desperate to end his suffering, Stefan pleads with William to use the crucifix, and dagger contained within, to kill him. Stefan’s fate rests in the hands of William, who must choose if his pity for the priest is worth risking his life, or his mortality.
Epilogue: A handful of years later, the day of salvation is nigh. As of this post’s drafting*, I am in the process of digging through the hundreds of thousands of well-intentioned but collectively sorry old words in preparation to raise the story back to life. …Which, at this outlining stage, feels disconcertingly like robbing graves to piece together a creature ripe for reanimation by lightning.
I think of Spring and how much I love the mixture of brights and pastels, happy and sunny days, sprouting greens and blooming flowers. The contrast of light and dark is almost blinding but the light always wins out. This is Spring and I adore it!
We've also had a few campfires. Lydia has loved getting to stay up a little later for special time with mommy and daddy around the fire.
Big hugz and mahalos(thanks) to Gene and Patti for making me feel so special! You gals are just amazing, and I am truly blessed to have you in my life as friends!!!!
This plant is also called “Devil’s Shoestrings,” which it gets not from the hairy two-inch long seed pods, but from the stringy root system. The stringy root mass makes an excellent soil binder that helps prevent erosion. Goat’s Rue is also known as “Virginia Tephrosia” and “Catgut.”
The Brick 26 Challenge is designed for all levels of athletes, from the walker to the ultra-athlete and will challenge participants with a variety of obstacle courses along the route. The event will include a one mile Honor Walk; a 10k course in which “competitive” participants carry 26 pounds of bricks in a backpack; and 4 military represented boot-camps.
Taken on January 30, 2011 with a Canon PowerShot A2000 IS.
There were also 4 duet performances… all were good, but the Jessica/Joshua duet was outstanding. They sang Aretha Franklin and George Michaels “I Knew You Were Waiting For Me” and it was really good. She seemed to play off of his energy and soul.. and answer him each time. Really cooool. The others, Skylar/Colton, Hollie/DeAndre, and Elise/Philip were good, but not as noteworthy as the Jessica/Joshua duo.
You’ve got to remember there are 800 US military bases around the world.
Lola: Luke warm. I'm dying to know what the strangest thing about you is!!!
You should have seen our high-fives back in May when the coalition agreement was published. Not just one, but three of our long-fought campaigns looked as if they would at last cross the finishing line. We were promised that Contactpoint - the central database of every child in England – was heading for the scrapheap; that the retention of children’s DNA on the national DNA database would be drastically reduced, and that parental consent was to become mandatory whenever schools demand that children provide their fingerprints in exchange for library books and hot meals.
I send all of my kisses to you Mistletoe.... from me at 3...at 7...at 15...at 21...& at Yesterday.... the change of life, and with that the growth we take...the small decisions that form the bigger tree.... The people we meet and learn to love, then take away the unique joy of their time given....
However bear in mind that, making money with surveys is possible but not an easy business by any means. Although you will get paid for each survey you do, but if you treat this as your main income source, then your income will depend entirely on the number of surveys you completed and their types. In short, the more surveys you have completed the more you can earn. Also, a longer survey or one that has more open-ended questions will usually pay more. So, if you treat it like a real business and dedicate time to work on it every day, you can start earning a decent income from home easily.
Step 1: Sort through your digital images and print your photos. Don't print everything! My hubby is a shutterbug & he took about 7000 photos in Alaska this summer ~ not to mention the photos the rest of us took. It was a huge job narrowing down the photos I wanted for my book. I downloaded (or is it uploaded) them to Snapfish.com and ordered them when they had a special going because I knew there were so many.
I remember Frank and Ollie using her work in one of their lectures as an example
Is anyone else participating in the Tour de Fleece this year?
I am looking forward to diving into that smothered sausage tonight – it is one of my all-time favorite Cajun meals. I know we will drive to Henderson for raw oysters and fried seafood platters at Pat’s restaurant on Valentines Day. We will boil some crawfish before the Superbowl, saving some for a celebratory crawfish ettouffe afterward, and I have got to hunt down some olive dressing for muffalettas and a King cake for Mardi Gras.
Why yes I exclaimed, she hands me the replacement part like she knew what she was doing. Now home depot never asked me questions they just didn't have it.
- Article 5 states: No law enforcement official may inflict, instigate or tolerate any act of torture or other cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment, nor may any law enforcement official invoke superior orders or exceptional circumstances such as a state of war or a threat of war, a threat to national security, internal political instability or any other public emergency as a justification of torture or other cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment.
Spokesman: Fred VIDAL CandidacY At The PRIMARIES Of The REPUBLICAN PARTY Is 100% Certain Even If Refused By The PartY’s Present Leaders!
Dust flour over the ingredients and stir for a minute or so to cook the flour.
collegiate edition.
The attacker is believed to be a reprisal by the group, which member recently died from machete cuts from some cattle traders .
Okay, here's my personal example: I have crushes like any girl I know. They come, they hit, they fade.
When it first came out, I was still working a job in a field that bored me. I wanted only to be a full-time writer. A famous writer. A rich and famous writer. This song, widely played in those days, ran through my head. I hummed it off and on all day long. I no longer wanted to work at my boring job of course, but I noticed something else: that when I reached a sweet spot in the writing of a story, I didn’t want to play either. I didn’t want to go hang out with friends, shop, or party. I only wanted to bang on my drum. I only wanted to keep writing, like the song says.
For me, novels are such big projects that there are many different finish lines. The one I crossed today is an important one. Now I have a structure and story in place. The bones of the book are all there. I've done most of the important research, though there's still lots more to fill in (but now I'll have a better sense of what I'm missing). But my first drafts are rough--practically unreadable, I'm sure, to anyone but me. Now it's all about clarifying the characters and working on the language. I write a book like a painter might make a painting, first with thin pencil lines, and then gradually adding more and more layers of color, until the whole image finally comes together. I've still got a long way to go.
100 Monkeys are no more.
12.45pm
23:30 – 00:30 B-Front
Was borne on me this morning,
It also moisturizes with Rice Extract and soothes with Aloe.
The charges relate to Malema singing "shoot the boer", which the Rustenburg farmer interpreted as inciting youth league supporters to commit genocide against Afrikaans farmers.
Will you not give all of yourself to him?
(inside opening 8" x 20")
I take a bag of chicken breasts. Thaw until they are easy to slice. I slice down the middle like a butterfly cut. This makes each breast thinner. It is also easier if they are still a bit on the frozen side. I put them on my broiler pan. I drizzle with olive oil and then add spices. Some nights I might choose a Mrs. Dash flavor or Cavender's. Other nights I will choose Montreal Chicken Seasoning. When my herb garden is in full swing, I might just grab some fresh herbs and use those sprinkled with some Kosher Salt. It isn't rocket science..just use the herbs that your family likes. I then bake it at 375 until done. It takes less than 30 minutes in my oven. I serve it was a large green salad. If it were on a weekend, I would make some homemade bread and a dessert to dress it up a bit...oh wait, I wouldn't serve this dish on a weekend. This is just my go to weekday meal plan!
in the shape of a moon,
Life is
You won. Congrats. It's taken me almost a week to write that, but it's not because I'm mad, just frustrated that Texas has plummeted off the champions stage, and disappointed with your reaction.
*Contest runs from Friday to Thursday. All final entreis must be completed by midnight CST. The winner will be posted the following day and have 5 days to claim your prize or Lil' Tulip's reserves the right to choose a new winner. Please contact us at www.liltulips.com/crm.asp?action=contactus to redeem.
1 cup of peeled sweet potatoes, cut into 1 " cubes
Thomas Merton (1915 – 1968)
Sometimes depression hits hard.
2. Chant the “Invocation to Broccoli” (in German or Greek, if at all possible).
4.THE BOOMTOWN RATS - Like Clockwork
7. An English Madam: The Life and Work of Cynthia Payne – by Paul Bailey
The Felicity Cowl is a gorgeous design that uses Road to China Light from the Fibre Co. (a shop fave) and is a relatively quick knit using just 2 hanks.
Well, except that she didn't want to participate. But I'm a mean Mama, and I made her go to the first practice.
While cycling to our hotel at the northern edge of Canmore, a sharp high whistle pierced through the air above the buzz of moderate car traffic beside me. Suddenly I saw a row of 6 tiny brown-grey pikas shoot out of their burrows from the road bank in a high-speed scamper to safety 3 metres on the other side of the embankment. It was wild rodent action, all in perfect sychronicity within the blink of an eye.
For Iphone users, I’ll be giving you an opportunity to have some FaceTime with me. Thaaaat’s right, just you, your Iphone, & my ugly mug. Not only will you be able to talk writing with me, not only will you be able to ask me anything in the world, but you’ll have your own private reading as I choose a yet unpublished short story & read it to you live. (Sorry Skypers, but I’m not ready for you yet. Give me time).
8:30-9:00: Down time, pretty much.
It was 3:24 in the p.m., a full 11 hours before closing time.
The pace of the rise in passenger traffic quickened last month, as 1.2 million travellers used the airport, 22 per cent more than in the same period last year. To accommodate the growing number of passengers, Adac is pushing ahead with the long-delayed Midfield Terminal. Work is expected to start this year on the structure, which will be capable of handling between 27 million and 30 million passengers a year by its scheduled opening in 2017….
And it’s set on Christmas, too, so it’s appropriate for the month! It starts off with a bright, sunny field of flowers and a little girl playing, because that’s not discordant with the rest of the movie…but then she gets kidnapped, because her father lets her play in random patches of woods far, far away from any supervision, like a good parent. Oh, wait, I mean like a TERRIBLE parent who deserves to be locked up for negligence! And if you didn’t get it this time, this same scene will be replayed at least two more times throughout the film. Not for any real reason or anything, but because the filmmakers simply have no other substance, so they just keep showing the same garbage over and over again to pad out the runtime like the lazy assholes they are.
Pink Floyd’s great Waters-penned songs, however, only adds to the disappointment of 1983's the Final Cut, where Waters entirely took creative control, leaving the other band members with almost bit parts, equivalent to the components of the National Philharmonic Orchestra featured throughout. Subtitled “A Requiem for the Post War Dream by Roger Waters” on the back cover, this album was to be a sequel to the Wall, where Waters bemoans his lot in life, growing up fatherless in post-war 1950s England. But he also stretches into the then current Cold War era of politics and society in the wordy album, where more is just too much, detracting from Waters’ strengths as a lyricist. Its ambitious and falls flat. Again, sonics are improved throughout, which does great justice to much of the subtlety of the album’s softer moments, as well as the many bombastic ones. Waters’ scream in “The Gunner’s Dream” bleeds into the screech of saxophone seamlessly. Though again, the effect can sound a bit over-the-top, typical of the entire album.
Ashley found solace in alcohol at age 16. With her parents’ social standing, they had copious amounts of alcohol in the home, and did not notice the missing bottles. Hiding in her bedroom, Ashley was never seen while she was impaired. Though she began to show signs of severe impairment not long into her bingeing, and began screaming and yelling profanities at passer-by through her bedroom windows, which drew complaints from police and
where graveyards of letters unwritten,
However, this is the life, I’m estimating, of about 95% of women in the Western world. And most have full-time jobs on top of it. Even many of those that have the means to have a staffed house feel that if they are not the one who is changing the diaper or serving the meal, they are lacking in wife and mother credits.
“Why did you bring me here? What is this about?” I demanded.
While completely unexciting but entirely satisfying, the first month was spent organizing the home and life I have created over the past 47 years, 13 of which have been spent in the same house. That’s nearly 28% of my life lived in the same house…not a long time by some standards but an eternity by others. It is 13 years of acquiring, collecting, and storing. Thirteen years that have included the many stages of my daughter’s lives (pre-school, soccer teams, music lessons, art classes…) and 13 years of additions to my husband’s tool collection (sigh!).
95. Have you ever had an idea for which you considered getting a patent? - Not really. All my big ideas are usually social change oriented. I'd need to rule the world in order for them to be implemented.
Though a previous release showed voters were slightly happy with the results of the recent Wisconsin recall elections, that was because Republicans were more happy that they did not lose control of the Senate than Democrats were unhappy that they did not gain a third seat. By a one-point margin (48-47), Wisconsinites would actually prefer that Democrats control that body. Most of that is because Democrats have a three-point identification advantage in the state, as Republicans seem to now be a tad more enthusiastic about maintaining their majority than Democrats are wanting their party in charge, and independents split 43-42 for the GOP.
Information like this is just another indication of the change that we’re constantly seeing. And for something like romance, a genre that has held its own over the years, it’s nice to see that it too can adapt to the evolving landscape.
Christmas trees...
“Coborn Plaza Apartments is operated as university housing,” Pedersen said. “All university, residential life and SCSU student code of conduct policies apply. We have five apartment community advisors, one graduate assistant hall director and one full time residence hall director who all live on site with our residents.”
Are you getting the general idea? Like I say, they’re not particularly original – in fact my tastes evidently lean very heavily towards the romantic and mythologised when it comes to water – and they’re not my own work. But each one takes my breath away. Some people like cars, some people like cats (please!), some people completely lose it over a lovely room setting. I say screw rooms, we’re animals, we’re meant to be in the wild. (If you saw my house you might think I actually do live in the wild. I need a housekeeper.)
* developing key habits that will help your home and school to operate smoothly. Choose one habit to form at a time and work on it for a month to six weeks. Once it's ingrained, don't neglect to maintain it even after you begin working on another. This will benefit your child throughout life because these habits will be second-nature and he will not have to even choose these positive paths.
I have three blogs: Kweschn, Destination X, and Kemetsahift Alem (Books World). Kweschn is where I post my original works, poems and short stories mostly. Destination X is where I re–post what I discover online. Kemetsahift Alem is where I share quotes or excerpts taken from Ethiopian literary books, written in Amharic (Ethiopia’s official language), Afaan Oromo (second widely spoken language), and Tigrigna (third major language, which is also the official language in Eritrea).
Level 16: Damage: +16%, Critical Rate: +16%.
Genital warts are not something that you want to have. They are a serious sexually transmitted disease that is hard to deal with. The human papilloma virus otherwise known as HPV causes this disease. This virus looks like bumps that resemble warts.
Sure, there are direct testimonies from people who are/were religious and struggled with teachings that they simultaneously believed had divine backup and yet conflicted with their own good morals. Those folks deserve help and support, and maybe they would be better off as atheists. But the idea that somehow the bigots who throw rote quotes out in defence of their bigotry would actually become good people if only they were atheist is just not plausible to me. They’ll find some other argument – junk psychology or evolutionary determinism or any kind of pseudoscience they want – that will let them keep doing what they want to do, which is, very simply, to be allowed to hurt others and aggrandise themselves.
Here's a close-up of Sage:
Here are some ideas, you might find others that work for you.
Because of them, I felt unsafe growing up.
thorn brings forth visible
“The trouble with the laws these days is that criminals know their rights better than their wrongs.”
On the day we got to the Statue of Liberty, it was such a random day... weather wise. It was boiling hot when we got there and after an hour of looking around and taking pictures of Manhattan we noticed a massive black cloud moving towards us at a alarming rate. Those who have been to Liberty island will know that there really aren't that many places to hide from rain. So we were in the middle of the island with no umbrellas freezing in the pouring rain. When we got off the island however it was boiling hot again.
You'd honestly have to own more than one to really make any real money.
Overnight the Asian markets were mostly lower but gained 0.3%. European markets opened lower but gained 2.4%. US index futures were higher overnight. At 8:30 Housing starts were reported lower: 654K vs 698K, but Building permits were reported higher: 747K vs 717K. At 9:15 Industrial production was reported flat: 0.0% vs 0.0%: http://www.federalreserve.gov/releases/g17/current/default.htm. The market gapped up at the open to SPX 1376 and continued to rally. The SPX had closed at 1370 yesterday. The market cleared the OEW 1372 pivot range around 10:30 and moved even higher. At 2:30, with small pullbacks along the way, the SPX hit 1393, the upper limit of the 1386 pivot range. A small dip into the close ended the day at SPX 1391.
I enjoy reading what Profesor Anonimo writes in his blog, but I have to admit, it sounds hard to do for someone like me to do. I just don’t think I could pull it off. I could maybe do a little story here or there, but not as my principal method. I really don’t think the wacky stories are the key component per se; they’re just one of various means to an end. The key is creating an engaging immersion experience through comprehensible input. We each have to find that way to create a target language i + 1 environment that Stephen Krashen describes and that captures students’ attention. One of the reasons that TPRS is appealing is that, when it is done well, is engaging to students.
Jonjo O’Neill (born April 13, 1952) was a highly successful jump jockey and has established himself at the top of the training ranks. In spite of an appalling list of injuries, he was champion jockey twice (1977/78 and 1979/80), and he set a then record for a season of 149 winners in his first championship year. The most sensational moment of his riding career came when he won the Cheltenham Gold Cup on Dawn Run in 1986 as the mare became the only horse to win that trophy after having previously taken the Champion Hurdle (1984), again with O’Neill in the saddle. He also won the Gold Cup on Alverton in 1979, though he had a dreadful record in the Grand National, in which he never completed the course in spite of having eight rides. He retired from the saddle at the end of the 1985/86 season and, having survived lymphatic cancer not long after that, started training near Penrith, Cumbria, in 1987. He forged a reputation with horses such as Vicario Di Bray, winner of the 1989 Champion Hurdle Trial at Haydock, and Legal Right, who landed the Grade Three Tripleprint Gold Cup at Cheltenham in 1999 and went on to capture the BGC Silver Cup at Ascot as well as the Grade Two Tommy Whittle Chase. He moved to his present base at Jackdaws Castle in Gloucestershire, not far from Cheltenham, when the yard was bought by owner J P McManus in 2001. In 2010, he finally broke his Grand National duck when saddling Don’t Push It to victory for McManus, who had been trying to win the race since 1982. Don’t Push It came third last year and is now retired. A P (Tony) McCoy rode the gelding, gaining a first success at the 15th attempt. O’Neill’s other victories at the Aintree Festival as a trainer include Quazar in the John Smith’s Anniversary
My twist on the lamingtons is that I added beer (Shiner Bock for this particular batch) to the cake batter, and (512) Pecan Porter to the chocolate syrup. My recipe is not currently being posted. Here are some pics of how it is done though. All photos by John Knox, so he doesn't sue me.
Before anyone accuses me of being anti-Swiss, let me say that I have every respect for the concept of a Swiss-themed brothel. Buxom milkmaids, cuckoo clocks and girls called Heidi are the dog’s bollocks for a certain type of punter. I’m sure a bordello like that would rake in the cash in Rio or Acapulco. The point is that you need to have a party atmosphere to encourage hanky-panky, and the Swiss are not party animals. Theirs is an alpine lifestyle, where cold showers and yodelling on the hillside take precedence over socialising with other humans.
I have bought My Speccies.....
The chipboard is a Dusty Attic piece, Vine Flourish, DA0485, its one of my favorite DA pieces. For a fun and different look paint your chippy and then stamp on it. I painted this vintage white and then stamped using a script stamp and pattern stamp with archival ink coffee. I love this effect. The letters are Jillibean Soup corrugated that I slopped some white paint on and then inked with Distress walnut stain.
The Sandlot is a great coming of age story and the adventure every man wished they had when they were younger.
Splashtime at last!
Whatever the real truth the planners displayed an amazing lack of foresight when it came to the growth in road traffic and road transport. The motorway around Newport was rich in junctions which meant that people used it to get from one side of town to the other side – this added to congestion problems at peak times (around 40% of people using the M4 around Newport are making local journeys).
Borders: Two unknown and Melissa Francis
“Kl I get it. You know what, Tee? We’re locked. We’re done.”
Below is a hodge-podge list of places to check out, ranging from low-brow street food to high-end local and sustainable cuisine. The list is by no means exclusive and we should probably plan to do a Part II for all the great places we're forgetting. But until then, check out this list, grab a fork, and get ready to dive into Baltimore's finest eats:
We should never be discouraged; take it to the Lord in prayer.
Bake for 17 minutes or until golden brown
How do you spend this week? Are you on vacation, or back to the grind?
The comments can be read by clicking here, and hope I am not misquoting anyone, however, as I read it the arguments were widely as follows:
So, who’s in?
I won't under any circumstances give up all of my birds. But I may have to give up some. The old guard (Mabel, Maude, Maeve) will be going with me even if they have to live in the bath. But I find myself contemplating not having all of the others with me. As I look out in to my (admittedly trashed) garden, I don't know how I can choose which girls come with me and which I say goodbye to. In the grand scheme of things, I realise that this isn't a life changing decision.
To do NOTHING when something is required is the epitome of laziness.
Anyhoo, tonight I hung out with Jen for the last time in a long while (which bummed me out). Some of you long-time readers have heard me talk about Jen before: She appeared in my very first post (about going to Magic Mountain), and has appeared many times since, during sad times and happier ones. I’ve known Jen since college, and she’s been a great friend that whole time, and I will miss having her so close.
That’s where the Manchester Graduate Internship Programme (MGIP) comes in. This is a University organised scheme that finds placements for graduates within the Greater Manchester region. The placements are all paid (minimum £1000 per month), and last between 4 and 12 months. These are a brilliant way of gaining graduate level experience and getting a taste of the particular sector you think you might be interested in.
And now both of them are snuggled down in bed, totally conked out.
House work or Yard work
Yeah...that's what it's like. Kinda sorta.
Pour in the eggs and season to taste. Cook stirring once or twice for 30 seconds.
Welcome home Lt. McNephew...
I'm really tired of people who don't take responsibility for their lives and actions. I'm tired of hearing them blame the government, or discrimination or big-whatever for their problems.
that he promised
Why were the people afraid to join them, despite holding the Christians in high regard (read back to Acts 5:1-11)? Why do you think the church continues to grow during this time despite their fear? What was attracting these people?
I darkened the center of each individual bud with V04 because that color is"lilac". Again, I liked it. Way to go Copic! Two colors that look exactly like what the name says they are.
and a long story to go with it -
What I’ve been given.
Hulk Hogan (Mr. Nanny)
She walked away, out of your life, probably thinking that you were just another one of those butterfly collectors that reach out to capture, only to pin them to another empty space in your collection.
10 Postcards of the Gowanus from the past 100 years - $25
“I have no idea who I could have upset so badly,” said Zhou Fen, the hapless householder.
So basically there’s a big plan to launch an attack and get everybody out of the restricted area and there’s also some groups within the school that intend to betray Shu and Shu’s kinda aware of the fact?
Over at dVerse’s we are given a fascinating essay by the Chazinator on science and poetry. Throughout, he references poets and gives examples of what they have to say on the topic, through their poems. The prompt asks that we reference in some way the scientific spirit of our time. To read the essay and his suggestions for how we approach the prompt, head over. As always, explore the pub while you are there. They offer so much on their menu.
Who collects veg. cookbooks for his patients
Late last week – in a statement that went almost entirely unremarked in the European media – Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan made the Opposition’s fears official: he wants to transform Turkey’s parliamentary system into a presidential one. Erdogan told business site Bloomberg that the proposal could be put to a national referendum at some point after parliamentary elections this summer, where his governing AK Party is odds-on to win a third straight victory. This isn’t exactly slowly, slowly catchy monkey: Erdogan is moving at one helluva lick towards his goal of authoritarian power.
Donkeys and zebras can breed. It’s true.
I offered her a cookie. She took it, but held it in her mouth without chewing. The superstar showmanship pony knows there is no eating when she's in her showmanship halter... I've created a monster!! I scratched her some more and offered her another cookie, which she took and held in her mouth. It wasn't until we walked off to do the cones again that I saw her chewing.
So to the woman I saw leaving the hall at the end with a disgusted look on her face (who beforehand had seemed out of place anyway), Kafka would have been exceedingly proud.
"He didn't!" I collected my materials and muttered my way to the door.
The assembled technicians and scientists go crazy, as the workers who bet on “Redneck Zombie Family” win the pool.
Quoting from Marie and Tales of the Heart who gave the award to Marie:
A couple of parents, teaching their baby
A 10-year-old Argentine girl was found by Brazilian police seven years after she was kidnapped by her father, authorities said.
Finally, on Monday we will have a visit from the fabulous author/illustrator Lisa Thiesing! Because I know people in high places (that would be me) I have already read her interview, and I can assure you it is really good!!! So I hope you'll all flock over here first thing Monday morning and show her some much-deserved love! :)
<U+25CF> Deleted Scenes
They are great little sleepers. (knock on wood) They have learned to sleep longer stretches at night and take good naps during the day. We are still swaddling them and they are still sleeping in their Rock and Play Sleepers beside our bed. We have not made the transition to the cribs yet mostly because their cribs are upstairs and we are lazy. ha! We enjoy being able to feed, change and put them back in bed without getting out of ours. Also Shepard is such a little paci lover. If his paci falls out at night he loses his mind. I have slept many nights lately with my hand on his paci keeping it in his mouth. We usually feed them between 8:30-9:30 at night and Sara Kate will sleep until we wake her at 5:30 to eat before I get ready for work. Shepard on the other hand usually eats one extra time in between there at least 3 times a week. Sara Kate LOVES to nap in the swing and Shepard prefers to nap in his Rock and Play or anytime anyone hold him.
We spent last Sunday hiking, 25km cross country, over hilltops. One day we are going to do the Camino together. I am in no rush but just knowing that he wants to do it with me is enough and therefore I know that one day, sooner or later we will.
I'm thinking, if you see me frown,
Cox’s Bazar (Bengali: <U+0995><U+0995><U+09CD><U+09B8><U+09AC><U+09BE><U+099C><U+09BE><U+09B0>) is a town, a fishing port and district headquarters in Bangladesh. It is known for its wide sandy beach which is the world’s longest natural sandy sea beach. It is an unbroken 125 km sandy sea beach with a gentle slope. It is located 150 km south of the industrial port Chittagong. Cox’s Bazar is also known by the name “Panowa”, the literal translation of which means “yellow flower”. Its other old name was “Palongkee”. The modern Cox’s Bazar derives its name from Captain Hiram Cox (died 1799), an officer serving in British India. An officer of the British East India Company, Captain Cox was appointed Superintendent of Palongkee outpost after Warren Hastings became Governor of Bengal. Captain Cox was specially mobilised to deal with a century-long conflict between Arakan refugees and local Rakhains. The Captain was a compassionate soul and the plight of the people touched his heart. He embarked upon the mammoth task of rehabilitating refugees in the area and made significant progress. A premature death took Captain Cox in 1799 before he could finish his work. But the work he had done earned him a place in the hearts of the locals, and to commemorate his role in rehabilitation work a market was established and named after him Cox’s Bazaar (“Cox’s Market”).
So the workshop ended about 1/2 hour early (that NEVER happens), so I found myself with the rare gift of an hour to kill before I needed to pick up The Geej. I hit this weird shopping center near her school and ended up dropping about $70 in a Target lovingly known as the "Targhetto" because it's so skanky. But, it's still a Target. So there you go.
Messing K, Saurel-Cubizolles MJ, Bourgine M, Kaminski M. Menstrual-cycle characteristics and work conditions of workers in poultry slaughterhouses and canneries. Scand J Work Environ Health 1992; 18: 302-309.
No, Impy, you piss off. And on the way, see if you can teach your son some respect for persons, property and pilsner. Actually, as he is the only one to have apologised and shown any shred of remorse in the week since it all happened, maybe you could have a chat with your son?
The Q&A session focused on:
Khar, an ex-parliamentarian and son of a wealthy Pakistani governor, was eventually cleared of the attack, though many believe he could have used his family connections to escape conviction.
Yesterday I went to the St. Arnold's Brewery here in Houston with some friends. The brewery conducts a tour and tasting every Saturday afternoon. It was packed so the "tour" consisted of an employee with a mic explaining a few things about the brewery, which maybe 25% of the audience cared about. Then he explained the way the tasting worked, which I guess about 75% of the audience cared about (the other 25% were clearly veterans who knew quite well how it worked).
No more champagne
“I don’t remember holding hands being talked about in my sex ed class,” says Anonymous Doug. “I remember the whole penis goes into the vagina and ejaculates part, but apparently they’re not that far advanced in Tennessee to get to that point. That knowledge only gets unlocked by the minister presiding over your wedding.”
And P.S.: See me when you turn 53. I can imagine what you'll look like at that age.
Again, subject to the exact questions asked, can it be shown he had contacted, or even knew of Mulcaire? The mysteriously re-appearing emails (more of which later) might assist regarding that point. Mr Mulcaire would of course be a compellable witness in any perjury proceedings. Whilst he failed to appear at the Sheridan trial, as a result of medically certificated ill health, one can imagine he would definitely be asked to attend such proceedings as we are contemplating here.
"They technically are for little kids though," I began to let the cat out of the bag a bit and Branden looked questioningly at me, "They are VERY brightly multi-colored...and they have eyes."
Thursday: 3 Miles (treadmill)
Although, right now, we do have an extended house guest sleeping on the living room floor. He just moved to L.A. so we're trying to help him out by letting him stay here for awhile. Friends say I'm crazy, but... that's my life.
Food & Beverage Stores
that roves between
I think they will love her. A coworker was going to adopt her but her big dogs scare her. Her name is Juliette. I have no clue who that is in the pic, fyi. lol I JUST WANNA SQUISH HER SHE'S SO FREAKIN CUTE!!! Ms. Juliette will be hiding out under my desk tomorrow until I am able to leave for the day. I love smuggling cute and fluffy things into my offices. I've become semi-pro at this thus far in my career.
I was really impressed with the variety of products the Luxe Box included. Personally, I am a big fan of different fragrances. It is really exciting to test out a bunch of different ones! I am looking forward to trying out all of these different products, and I will be sure to post some reviews once I have.
Recently, I've been finding a lot of really great new blogs that I keep adding to my ever-expanding list. Like I need another blog to read. Sometimes I wish blog stalking was a vocation, but then I think about how if that happened, I would probably live solely off of coffee and NutriGrain bars while my body slowly became one with my computer chair. Probably not the best way to go.
Now, as before, I will likely be spending my time playing catch-up around the house, but since the cleaning fairy actually DID arrive this month (in the form of my mother from across the country), I will have a bit of a reprise on the heavy duty items, so I am crossing my fingers that I can post much more frequently now and get back to a normal blog-life!
The pressure is on!
Something’s wrong with his vision
On Count 1, an offence under the Bribery Act, he was sentenced to three years imprisonment. He had pleaded guilty, and was told that had he fought the case, the sentence would have been between four and five years. The maximum is ten years.
Day 13 (Sunday)
Lily’s Theme, Alexandre Desplat, from Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 2
How often have I abused your goodness, slighted your friendship, contemned your love, and turned the stream of mine (which you only can challenge and deserve) towards creatures; thus preferring my own will to yours.
In the days since Tyson' Gay’s “upset” victory over Usain Bolt, much has been written and said. From message board arguments, to newspaper articles, to other bloggers. Everyone has been trying to “figure out” and/or “explain” how the “unbeatable” Usain Bolt lost to Tyson Gay. I’ve seen everything from “Bolt didn’t take Gay seriously”; to “Bolt wasn’t trying”’ to Bolt was out of shape”; to “the race didn’t matter”.
“So can faith,” he calmly responds.
I reminded myself that while I may have hung up the gloves, I'm still very much in the Fight Game -- just in a different capacity. I'm cleaning it. I'm famous now in a different way. Some newspapers call me a crusader.
Before we go any further, I'm going to share a video of a Byrds' TV performance of "Eight Miles High" so you can refresh your recollection of the song. (Videos of old TV performances by rock bands are great because they let you see what the band looked like in performance but use the original studio recording of the music -- everyone lip-synched back then.)
Terry Pratchett is simply a genius. He has a knack for hitting every nail squarely on the head. His writing is often classified as "fantasy" because it takes place on Discworld, but make no mistake about it: Pratchett's feet are planted firmly on Earth and he is satirizing everything about it he can get his hands on.
Joseph DiPilato, 57, New York, N.Y.
Oh well this is things I collect and tuck away like another ironstone platter, soon as I seen it I knew it was mine
The Guru Tradition by Sri Chandrasekharendra Sarasvati Svami, Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan, (Part 2 Pages 31-56)
In those days fresh with youthful ecstasy
Mom: But they won't know where I'm calling from when I use my cell phone. Go get the phone!
97) I am a keyboard pounder. I took typing for two years in 7th and 8th grade, and we learned on old manual typewriters. According to the Spouse Sparrow, I still sound like I'm on a manual typewriter.
I won't be able to take a trip to Paris, or to travel as much as I'd like. But I will do what I can to save my marriage and home. No matter what.
So what exactly makes this recipe old-fashioned? The made-from-scratch buttermilk biscuits that thankfully replace those sticky, preservative-packed, nuclear war-surviving Twinkie-like “shortcakes” you’ll find disgracing the mere existence of strawberries these days.
When he was pulled over the police were suspicious of him and his behavior. A black guy driving along is already a suspect. A black guy driving like shit is more than enough reason to pull the car over and investigate what’s going on. When the police walked up to Mr. Perry’s car to find out what’s going on, Mr. Perry replied that he drives the way he does to make sure he’s not being followed. At that point the hairs on the back of the two police officer’s neck must have risen up. Their hands may have already been on their service pieces in their holsters. But I’m quite sure at that point they disengaged the safety and whatever straps were used to keep their piece in check. A black man talking about he’s being followed must be a drug dealer or something else criminally oriented.
UPDATE (2): 30th September, 2011. For a superbly detailed report of yesterday’s transactions and what it means for Maybourne’s debt and equity, I’d recommend a read of Mike Phillips report in today’s Property Week.
I have been smoking much less cigarettes lately. Last week I had no more than 30. Which is incredible because I usually smoked about 200.
Potato Starch (enough to mix)
4.) Make the cheese ahead of the sag. This will give you time to really press it and get the liquid out before you attempt to fry it.
An aspect that I found very appealing in this field is the creation of software in robotics and mechatronic technologies. While most companies will ask for a minimum of a B.S. in computer science with classes in AI, the Bureau of Labor Statistics states that only an associate degree is required for those who are more focused on the robotics aspect of this field.
Forgiveness, like love, is not just a feeling. It is a conscious choice and an definite action. You have to make the choice to forgive, and keep working at the forgiveness. This is especially true when the person you are working to forgive is still trying to hurt you. Keep working at it anyway, for yourself, and your family. Forgive as many times as you need to forgive. Ask God for help. Forgiving does not condone the behavior, words, or actions, of the one who hurt you, but it frees you from needing to hold onto your hurts. Freedom is an excellent feeling, and place to be.
1 fireman
Think about some things that you think about yourself and your abilities… When you were in gym class as a 2nd grader were you always picked last because you were a dainty, girly-girl? Did that first time you burned dinner (maybe second… or third time…) make you decide that you suck at cooking?
It is three years to the next election – and let’s be honest, it may be quite a while before we are in government again – so, after these election results, let’s get off the floor, dust ourselves down, and get back to work. There is still so much to do in so little time.
When I piece a garment, I like to use at least three different fabrics. My special fabric (generally a print), a neutral fabric (the white in this case) and a coordinating trim (print or solid - here I used red). I like to pick up a less dominant color in the color scheme for my coordinating color.
Q065) Do you have any surprising skills?
A Tale of Two Liberals
Pour a couple tablespoons of the gently warmed caramel sauce over the top of each budino. Top with a dollop of whipped cream and a sprinkle of fleur de sel or Maldon sea salt. Serve 1-2 cookies on the side.
1 lb. peeled and deveined medium shrimp
I have always encouraged X to do better in his classes. I have also taken him to school when he's missed his bus, so that he isn't inclined to say "screw it" and ditch. I also really believe that X does try in school. He does put forth an effort, it's just not the way that you'd like it to be. His effort involves simply being there, in a place he hates, every day. Imagine for a moment that you had a job that you hated and yet you couldn't leave for years, a place where people were mean to you, stole things from you, and treated you as someone inferior. All of those things happen to X in school.
support I'd like to give each of you who played along with BLD22 a thank you image,
One thing that left a positive impression on me was that the parents of the boys were encouraging and nurturing towards their children's interest in art. May the children continue to be encouraged to nurture their natural interests and talents.
If you have not received a parent permission/notification form for the mock disaster drill this Friday, pleaes get one from me today!
When friend and sister in Christ, CY sent me an article two months ago, about the Haitians who are forced to eat mud cookies as food, I didn't really know what I would do. What could I do, one woman, far away from Haiti? With what voice? With what money? What could I provide to these people that NGO's, the UN, and the Red Cross had not already done? However, I heard God say, it doesn't matter WHAT you do, just do something. So I did. I wrote a post (read it here), sharing my heart and asking if perhaps some of my Week of Menus readers would like to join me in my quest to raise $1000 to send to Haiti with friend, CY, who would use it to buy food for the people there, especially those poor children in orphanages. I made a promise that I would raise $1000, a seemingly huge amount to raise from a group of readers and strangers, but I knew it was something.
Thanks for stopping by... hope you have a purr-fect day!
The atmosphere was nice. It was a super tiny family owned place. The waiter was so friendly! He gave us recommendations off the menu and then throughout the meal kept giving us suggestions for what to dip in which sauce, asking us if we liked it, generally chatting us up. We of course loved it. Colby got fried egg rolls, I got some sort of plate with lots of super delicious chicken, shrimp, and broken rice (“comfort food” as our waiter said), and we got some spring rolls to share.
The trauma of those priests is now commonplace among Middle Eastern Christians. Their share of the region's population has plunged from 20% a century ago to less than 5% today and falling. In Egypt, 200,000 Coptic Christians fled their homes last year after beatings and massacres by Muslim extremist mobs. Since 2003, 70 Iraqi churches have been burned and nearly a thousand Christians killed in Baghdad alone, causing more than half of this million-member community to flee. Conversion to Christianity is a capital offense in Iran, where last month Pastor Yousef Nadarkhani was sentenced to death. Saudi Arabia outlaws private Christian prayer.
This pages contains a regularly updated bibliographical list of New Zealand authors, now and historic, and their novels that could happily sit within the wider crime, mystery, suspense and thriller category. Last updated 27 February 2012.
Isn’t ’don’t have kids that you can’t pay for’ what conservatives always preach to poor people (while simultaneously supporting restrictions on the availability of contraceptives)?
"At this moment" is the key, because the cycle hasn't caught up with us yet: as publishers publish fewer books, consumers will no longer be able to find new books on every conceivable topic that are published by "reliable" publishers. That will shift toward self-publishers and e-presses. A major publisher is unlikely to publish a book with a small intended audience, so an author who wants to write that book will be foreced to either self-publish or forget the idea. But self-publishing means there are fewer guarantees for readers: the quality of self-published books is, at best, a risky gamble. Self-publishing authors often don't hire editors (or if they do, they don't hire qualified editors-- partly because they don't know any better); they don't have their work professionally copyedited and proofread and typeset and designed. In short, they don't go through all the same steps that are meant to ensure quality control in commercial publishing. (Again, let me emphasize the word "often," because I'm not trying to tick off the small portion of self-published authors who do actually follow all these steps.)
Conditions can make you trust
Doesn't want voters to realize that the lower taxes of the last ten years haven't created jobs. YES
But I have even more Peter J. Williams stuff!
In the end we got 55 memories as well as pictures. My uncle sent us a ton of pictures of my mom as a little girl! So fun looking through them all!
Angie was talking about her office this morning…about a meeting they were having today about the program for which she has responsibility. A new employee worked on a similar program in another state and feels ‘his program’ is much better than the one they’re currently using. He is trying to push his idea which could mean he would also want responsibility for ‘his program’ since he’s familiar with it.
i've got something else i want to talk about too, i just have to figure out how i want to put it into words. it's about my kid playing favorites. and it's not making me feel too hot lately. save up your thoughts, cuz i'm gonna need a little support...
7. Singapore
Still to come, HHH and CM Punk will have their “Final” Face-Off, and Randy orton will face the IC Champion, Cody Rhodes.
With energy prices remaining relatively flat, the composite index of inputs into residential construction was unchanged in November. Notable declines were observed for asphalt roofing and siding (-5.4%), copper (-2.7%), steel (-1.1%) and lumber (-1.1%). These were balanced out by increases in cement (+1.2), ready-mix concrete (+0.8%), plywood (+0.7%), oriented strand board (+0.5%), and bricks (+0.5%). The building materials composite index has remained relatively flat since June, but gains earlier in the year have left the index up 5.5% relative to November 2010. While still high, this is the smallest percentage year-over-year increase since February 2011.
A most unusual event occurred in the Glade yesterday afternoon — it rained. It’s been several weeks since we’ve had a good rain fall. As I write this over an inch of rain has fallen since it started. Our lawn may actually turn green again.
Greetings! I hope your weekend is starting off well - and glad you're starting your Saturday here! This week I'm the hostess for the Our Creative Corner challenge again, and I have a color challenge for you: Pool Party, Chocolate Chip, Old Olive, Cajun Craze, plus a light neutral. I wanted a combination that would make pretty fall cards, but use it for anything that strikes your fancy!
The rooster crowed so incessantly that eventually he just became background noise to the crashing surf. Neither bothered us. But then, we were living an idyllic week on the Hawaiian Island of Oahu. Bother? Hardly!
Good Evening all!! Sorry we're so late with our challenge today!! Amy will be along soon with the winners of the Blues challenge so we're going to get on to our new challenge by the Rockin Rubbah Team and this week they'd like to see your BIRTHDAY creations.
We had planned on visiting family in upstate New York for the weekend. We expected to enjoy a lunch with one part of the family and dinner with another part of the family (our routine for the last several years). This is baby girl's first Thanksgiving and we were excited for her to get to see so many family members. Unfortunately our transportation fell through at the last minute, and we realized we would be spending Thanksgiving on our own in New York City.
(Oooo Oooo! I have a really good customer service story though! I went to Best Buy the other day to check out cameras. I walked to the camera department and began looking around. Very soon, a friendly person asked, "Can I help you with anything?"
She had to reach all the way to the back of the bag,...inside the loaf,.. to get the other end piece.
Thin handle paintbrush or wood skewer stick
Memorable Line: “Coffee’s free for friends of the press.”
I'm always driving away when I cry
In Reality the world is overpopulated and in most places the primary trait for reproductive success is the ability to organize violence, or some sublimation of it, and a determination to produce as many children as possible. Our cities are being colonized by people with grudges against us for humiliating their ancestors with the Empire and a perverse version of the slavery. There are no spontaneous colonies of nice liberal progressives springing up in Nairobi and Beijing. In the future, the advantages are likely to diminish, as six billion people compete for the resources of a planet that can support one billion and we wring our hands while other ethnic groups reach for their guns and come here to plunder us. All kept quiet by the Western media.
I woke up ready to go. It was a chilly 21 degrees F at the start, but I pulled my bright green sleeves on, my gloves and the shell to keep warm until the start and headed out to the start. Unfortunately, Phil had some issues that were going to prevent him from running the race, but he stayed around to cheer all of his friends on that were out at the race, so it was nice seeing a friendly face as I mentally prepared for the run ahead. I looked around for others, but it was hard to pick people out in the crowd. When they called 2 minutes to start, I pulled my shell off and stuffed it in the pack.
And because I know some of you are going to ask...here's the gist of it...
What?, you say.
Tag, Journaling Cards, Flower Layers : Madame Boutique Collectibles by Kaiser Craft
For starters, I had a job interview today, FINALLY! It took me 4 months just to get an interview! Granted I didn't really try looking for a job until two months in, I just really wanted to succeed at making art. BUT, things don't always turn out as you plan. Anyway, the interview was at a golf course. Brit had found a job posting online somewhere for maintenance on the golf carts for the City of New Smyrna Beach Golf Club, like cleaning them and whatever, and I also applied for just any available position. I'm not confident on how the interview went. The actual position was just part-time for doing little things around the course, like edging the sidewalks and cart paths and sand traps, trimming trees, string-trimming, just stuff like that, which I am pretty qualified for considering I was crew leader at a lawn care company for a year and its also pretty much the exact same stuff I did at the cemetery. But I also felt way overqualified. My interviewer inquired a little about art and photography, so I told him that Brit and I own a photography business and I mainly do artwork but business is suffering since we moved down. I don't know, I just felt like I gave him no reason for me to get a job trimming at a golf course. Oh, plus I have to take three weeks off at Christmas time in Indiana, we already bought the tickets and I'm not going to work alone in Florida while everyone else is enjoying Christmas without me back home. I feel like that was the final blow of the interview. Oh well, we'll see what happens.
Despite the feasting being well and truly over (phew!), our house is still full of festive treats! This includes a huge crate of clementines that my mum bought from the market and plenty of Baileys and Chocolates. We'll be eating these for days on end!
It HAD to have been his mom. Who would make sure that the necessary food groups were covered and that a growing boy had enough food to fill his stomach with him when he left the house? It HAD to have been his mom.
high neck and legs out. it's springsummer after all, so keep it short with thigh skimming hems and sweet by creating decolletage- concealing silhouttees.sleeve length optional.
Anyway, the yoga was fairly successful, with the toughest moment coming when Ky looked up at the screen and said “I just don’t get this knees, chest, chin thing he keeps talking about.”
By silent understanding
As the herbivores graze and chew off the tops of the grasses, part of the root system dies back and feeds the soil organisms. Intermittent grazing creates cycles of root die-back and regrowth that provides a rich feast for all who inhabit the soil community. And there are a lot of hungry mouths! It is said that a teaspoon of good soil contains almost as many tiny denizens as there are people on Earth.
“They’re waiting out in cyberspace
One last gesture of anger from the broken protest: two men start chanting “We all live in a fascist regime,” but it doesn’t catch.
But i loved you, still love you like before,
In Election Mode
Approximately how many people died in the attacks?
- Leapt to her death from sixth floor Rome building earlier this month
Okay, so how does this relate to my business? I want to use these stories to help people learn, to retell their stories in a new way, to inspire and motivate, to show everyone that they have a purpose and story of their own! They're so amazing it's hard to believe they're truth. To me, the Bible is the ultimate fairytale....but one that DID and IS happening!
The skiing season in Gulmarg usually commences before Christmas (around middle of December) and continues till middle of April. In January-February, 1998 the first National Winter Games of India were held at Gulmarg, for which the facilities were enormously improved and upgraded. The resort acquired two Kasse Bohrer snow beating machines used for preparing skiing slopes, and five snowmobiles, which can be made available for going up the mountain. Good quality equipment, including skis, boots, sticks, gloves and goggles are available on hire on the spot from the Government-run ski shop.
Asked Moon.
Well, we thought today was going to be the big day. But it's not...
Regular vice-captain Shane Watson only returned to club cricket last weekend after a six-week absence with a calf injury. While Clarke said he hoped to return for Sunday’s one-dayer against India in Brisbane, team physiotherapist Alex Kountouris was non-committal.
During the proceeding, the ITC considered the following:
Itching may occur if the infected people becomes susceptible to antigenic constituents of saliva that lice inject simultaneously supply your head. After feeding the insects generally live in an ambush near the hair until you get hungry again. Then you can in addition pick home remedies such as olive oil, alone or in combination with essential oils, or vinegar. Head lice are becoming harder to destroy. You will feel something itchy on your head now and then.
And we can’t move on
She starts having strange visions of her grandmother Doris telling her to use these liquids to cure her twin sister Dorothy, who had a stroke same day Doris died. Hmmm, are these weird stories about twins' connections real?
5/3- PCW Politics is War on P-SPAN- 2 Hours
Me: Are you kidding me?
I loved this fish!!! It was light, though not as soft and oily as cod but it was cooked quite nicely (a tad overdone though) and mainly because it felt so light and healthy, I kept eating ordering it! The veg lends a nice crunch to this dish!
That year, my mother and her friends were discussing the beauty of Finland. The TV screen glittered with the lights and the movement of the crowds. They talked of ice cliffs and choppy blue-grey seas at the crowd said "Ten!" It was so close to the new year!
Last years teams reintroduced the blown diffuser concept, either by blowing exhaust gasses over the top of the diffuser, or by creating an opening into the diffuser to blow inside the diffuser. Both solutions created more downforce. With the latter solution now banned, it seemed the less effective over-blown solutions are all that’s left to race. However LRGP have found another way, blowing the front edge of the floor.
I'm off to finish the washing now and then I've got my seat booked in front of the TV at 12 o'clock for Sheena's Pick of the Week on Create & Craft. Wonder if I'll see my cards?!
My good friend AFGNCAAP will be distraught to know that Starbucks, like Barnes & Noble, does not escape the firing line either. Levine says "On Friday, at the Battle of Starbucks, I shouted at a chunky young cop with a clutch of flex-cuffs on his belt, "Thank you very much for defending the right of Starbucks to sell coffee, instead of the rights of New Yorkers to exercise their freedom of speech!" (p. 230).
In medium bowl, beat butter and granulated sugar with electric mixer on medium speed until smooth. Beat in eggs, vanilla, sour cream, lemon peel and juice. Stir in flour, baking soda and baking powder. Fold in 3/4 cup of the blueberries. Spoon batter into pan. Sprinkle remaining 1/4 cup blueberries on top. Bake for 1 hour or until toothpick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool 10 minutes; remove from pan to cooling rack. Cool completely.
You could remove the ‘Daath’ from the entire fucking show and you would honestly not have noticed any fucking difference at all. It was completely fucking pointless, he brought fucking nothing to the series and existed to conveniently move the plot forward when needed.
That was before the Internet… or at least before Al Gore released it to the rest of us. Now Ligonier has made studying with R.C. and company that much easier through their new “interactive classroom,” entitled, Ligonier Connect. Here are some blurbs from their latest email…
"If the world were merely seductive, that would be easy. If it were merely challenging, that would be no problem. But I arise in the morning torn between a desire to save the world and a desire to savor the world. This makes it hard to plan the day."
Few days lends themselves better to some chill music listening than Sunday, especially Sunday mornings. To celebrate, here’s fifteen of the best songs to come down to on a Sunday morning.
Only a collective and conscious movement of students around GSCASH can effectively strengthen it. A movement that collectively ensures that woman students feel confident enough to report cases of sexual harassment and are not forced to retreat owing to mounting social pressures. A conscious movement that rejects and resists the culture of slander, flaunting of male machismo, asking for sexual favours or harassing women in any form. Where women are not forced to constantly adjust their behaviour according to the male choices or diktats. Bodies and minds are not forced and tortured to adhere to beauty, chastity, housewife roles and rules – the prevalent feudal and consumerist morality. We must recognize that atrocious incidents like the MMS scandal has happened in our self-proclaimed progressive campus along with numerous other incidents of violence and harassment. The right-wing forces whose politics flow solely from fascism and feudalism play a major role in maintaining the oppressive assaults of patriarchy and its crude manifestations in the campus too. The blatant shielding of sexual harassers by various so-called ‘left’ organizations like SFI and AISA only strengthen the same reactionary, regressive anti-woman status-quo.
Mattie closed her eyes as the Greyhound begins backing out of it’s stall letting herself indulge her guilt and grief. The pain was better than no memories at all and for all of the bits and parts that had fallen to hell over the years Mattie was thankful to her Lord on high that her memories never went with the rest. She settled into a daydream for a moment; imagining a cheek as delicate as silk brushing up against hers just as another unfair shake from God, in a life time of destructive and unfair personal quakes rippled over her moment of
There is no set date and time for these events, but they will happen fast whem they do; it could occur tomorrow up to eary summer, but before the Democratic National Convention in North Carolina. A major false flag event is planned for the DNC but will not happen after the arrests and the placementof Dr. Ron Paul as interim President until elections can be properly held.
Maybe it’s just me, but probably the best thing, (which also could be its worst) regarding iOS is it’s simplistic user experience. This has proven to be Apple’s ‘ace in the hole’ with all types of users, young and old alike. The fact that the overall appearance of iOS hasn’t changed is the reason that new users are successful in using it. Apple’s native system built apps are closely identical to all previous software versions and users are able to update their OS for ‘enhancements’ without having to relearn how to use it. This has been a win for the “basic” users of iOS. But, what about the advanced users like myself?
From the expanded multiplayer, and exciting new game modes, the single player campaign is being kept under tight wraps. As a fan and a writer, I hope that the anticipation of Halo 4 lives up to what it’s being hyped up to be. I have faith that 343 will take the Halo franchise to new levels and new depths. There is a lot of new interesting gameplay ideas that will be incorporated into the series which we have yet to see in videos. I don’t think gamers should worry about the future of Halo, looking back at how much passion and respect 343 has for the Halo franchise. This will put ease to many and keep worrying down to a minimum. 343 will take Halo to where it hasn’t been before, I am excited to see where they will take this new trilogy. There is no official date set for release although there is speculation that it will be released around November. Until then, thank you all for reading, and feel free to leave a comment and weigh in on the issue.
“I wanted this casualness with the clothes and what was already there, and the banana is to play on this idea of time and temporality and the life span of a piece,” Faler said.
”His wife has actually never worked a day in her life,” Rosen said on Anderson Cooper’s “AC360” show.
A week ago I had to rebuild the hard drive of my Mac. This was pretty momentous because it’s only the second time since I first bought a Mac that I’ve had to do it, not counting OS upgrades. The first time I did it just for fun.
Sorry to bring this up in a brewing blog, but just think about the 15 year old who was stabbed to death here in Tyrrelstown yesterday evening. Happened more or less outside my door.
Happy Birthday my darling!!!
I know that for the most part I’m talking to a wall here. The people who agree with me are dealing with the same issues my husband and I are dealing with, and the people who don’t agree aren’t going to listen to anything I have to say anyway. So I guess in the end all I can say is that its a frustrating situation. I know my husband and I aren’t the only one’s dealing with it, but in this sort of case knowing there are others having the same issue isn’t exactly comforting.
She squeezed the hand of this burly, compassionate man she loved as a brother. The media had tried hard to make something more of their relationship, daring to suggest that Ben might stray from the wife he adored.
Two's company, three's.....The Musketeers.
Albion Hotel
Avoid an unexpected wake-up call by checking on your progress more often than not… And when better than around New Year’s? Be open to new ideas or even complete revisions – goals should be tailored to fit your lifestyle which is apt to change on a regular basis. Once you get the hang of checking in regularly, the fun really begins… With two of you, you have an advantage against most by doubling your efforts to save time and money – who’d have thought that!?
KLASS
Secondly, setting exposure to handle available light. This is primarily an indoor photo venue, and the existing lighting is set up for people, not necessarily for photography. It is far from uniform. On-camera flash is too harsh, so the key is using the available light with a vision to what you are creating in the frame. This means longer shutter speeds on a tripod, and that brings in the light hidden in the shadows.
Drink and Draw
The record does feature tablas as well as some other odd percussion. It was issued on the Music is Medicine Label in 1977. I haven't been able to find out much about Whynott but he did record four albums after this one: Apology to the Animals, Calico, Geography & Lost Land. Some of these you can pick up on CD if you search for them. This album is also available at a reasonable price.
2. Have to have reached a certain level of spiritual maturity
“What’s in the bags?” asked the guard.
So far in this one feature review I've mentioned a candy bar named for a dance but how else might a candy bar get its name? If you believe some sources on the Net, the Snickers was named for a favorite horse of the Mars family back in 1930. Snickers claims to be the most popular candy bar in the world though how that claim is backed I'm unsure -- by the dollar amount or the number of bars? This is a 4.25 X 1.25 X 0.75 inch bars covered in milk chocolate made with chocolate and cocoa butter but also some added oils and extras for the nougat that is one inside layer with the peanuts covered in this corn syrup rich caramel as the other half of the inside. Chewy, sticky, and crunchy, you can taste a very creamy and sugary chocolate at first but it is quickly overpowered. I'd put this in a peanut lover's box over a chocolate lover's one personally.
It helps to be reminded when things seem to be spinning out of control that the maker of the universe is in control. Whew! That really changes things.
Who'll catch the star when it falls
A gigantic cube of ice
As you open the door to the go inside, a young man will be standing there to take your ticket. You hand it to him and he rips it in two, one half goes into a wooden box, the other you put in your pocket.
So what is a girl to do? This guy’s relationship with my husband is unfortunately important enough to merit his car being in our garage. Regardless, this is a prime opportunity for payback. It could be as garish as a “Pimp my Ride” episode gone very, very wrong. It could be as subtle as just him knowing this little “harmless” rant exists.
Can you believe it's made out of dog food bags? Well... Maybe it's obvious. She's going to show it off at our next ASG (American Sewing Guild) meeting and probably take it for sharing at school this fall. That is, if they still DO sharing in 6th grade...
Whether you believe that suffering is an extension of God's love or proof of his non-existence, personally I would endure just about any suffering to be loved completely. We all go down, surely some harder than others, but Murphy will not die from apathy, societal values, or a resignation of will.
I went through all my files for work that I had at home over the winter. Getting rid of duplicates and filing papers properly.
The sneaky so and so!
And wonder’s here to stay.
as you can see,
The last part of our New England adventure was Wednesday and Thursday of last week (and yet it seems like ages ago already...). We moved on from Concord, MA to Plymouth, MA (there are Plymouths everywhere) and spent a day there back in the seventeenth century. First we boarded the reproduction of the Mayflower (well, first we had a really nice lunch at a cafe by the sea... but after that we headed to the ship). The staff on the Mayflower II were really helpful (some just technical, some in costume and thoroughly living 1620 style). We also saw the (purely symbolic) Plymouth rock. Photos of this visit below:
They dug deep into the marshland to discover rich deposits of peat and started the process of what is now the Broads.
And you place your bets on another day
Excited to celebrate a new day in blogging, this is the recipe I chose.
Okay, hit me with your questions...
She said,
I am not sure what possessed me to purchase these boxes of processed sugar and memories of the many summer nights I spent in front of an episode of "Are You Afraid of the Dark" (hiding under a blanket of course).
Of course you don’t need to be a porn star to use our wishlist. Anyone can create an account and add items. It is perfect for holidays such as Valentine’s Day, Christmas, Birthdays, Bachelorette Parties, Mother’s Day, Anniversaries, or just because.
In close up we see Guy Pearce’s face, he plays Snow, an ex-CIA operative who is being questioned. Snow responds to each question with a quip and is promptly punched in the face, disappearing out of shot briefly before reappearing, bloodied, to quip again.
This initiative, started by two women on Feb. 19 with a Facebook page titled, “Organizing Against the War on Women,” has caught fire with angry women all over the country. The response was immediate. By the next morning, almost 500 women had asked to join and organize for April 28 in their states. As of April 15, the group has 21,300 members and organizing centers in all 50 states.
I discovered afterwards that there is a Mediaeval Baebes musical all tee'd up and ready to go, which has been put together by a German actor called Micha Bergese, who is probably most famous for playing the dashing werewolf (below, right) in A Company of Wolves.
Add to this, i have been a little negligent on here of late. Damn i hate it when i slack off like this. So i need to get things cracking back into shape. And what better way to do that is by proving you hearty fans with some wonder free music and stuff. Because as we all know, amateurs are killing it for the professionals and stuff, what with making music on their own terms and… just giving it away!
I LOVE to be alone so I can paint, read, blog....whatever. But after a few days, I start to get very down and that is when I have to grab that cup of coffee, sit on the screened in porch and reevaluate my week. Hmmm......perhaps being a hermit is not necessarilly a positive thing. I need to see friends. I need to be around positive people who care about me. Even if they are not so positive at the moment. I need to get out of my own head and see some real, live people!
I also planted a flat of Gypsy peppers from our nearby farm market, which I thought were supposed to be somewhat mild, but they tasted pretty darn hot to me and my crew. My Zone 4 growing season is not quite long enough to get this pepper variety to turn that glorious orange (this is a photo from the night-before-frost, when I had a kitchen full of buckets o' veggies) but I did get at least one orange Gypsy pepper out of the bunch.
Submaximal loads and strength development
Current Situation
Prim Blessings,
that define the experiment—the consciousness of the human observer.”
Kia is taking on the executive market with its Optima. This vehicle was meant to arrive ages ago but nevertheless, it’s finally here! It’s built on a similar platform to Hyundai’s Sonata and is adopting an extreme value-for-money marketing strategy. Kia claims that there are no optional extras and your R305,995 gets you one very equipped luxury vehicle. It looks good, has loads of features and offers decent performance from a 2.4-litre engine. Will Kia be able to tempt people out of BMW/Audi/Mercedes showrooms? Possibly. I do, however, think the Honda Accord, Mazda6 and Volkswagen Jetta/Passat are under serious threat.
Getting together with the particular troubles using this type of almost rapid development has kept all of us hectic, maybe cocooned,In . Deane says. "Everyone We've spoken to help -- actually adult men and some women in Mulberry in addition to your big style and design vacation spots * say that they have in no way experienced this type of unparalleled improvement inside because of this place, and they have by no means observed a developer brand make this kind inside of the true enthusiast starting." Astoundingly, your institution seemed to be got into contact with making use of the consumers of Harrods, try it for yourself part rails, plus Flowering dales in almost any : mature guys and females almost every other pattern developer product may well maybe devote days to weeks attempting to harmless plus seem to be some sort of having jointly along with - and all of which in turn the product the particular satchels.
I call it “curious” because there is a certain contradictory quality to the place, though I am willing to accept this might be only apparent, owing to the shortness of our visit. I would like to go back and take another look.
It’s easy to lose track of time when you’re crafting and I usually work late in the night so I don’t keep track, just go on till I’m finished. I’d say 6-7 hours but it’s probably more...
During the latter 1950s and early 1960s the Growler was stationed secretly off the Pacific Coast of the Soviet Union. It was Cold War time, and she would have been first-response if the Soviets were found to be planning a nuclear offensive.
Potential Insights: How TM relates to other non-sportive related hurdles and what parallels can be drawn between real life issues and TM; how they are/ were handled before.
Telling the mirror all of her sad stories
Understanding Portable PA Systems And The Features You Need
I love Italian food. My love of Italian food goes beyond pizza and spaghetti. I have a longing to learn how to cook Italian food from the different regions of Italy. I recently discovered Lida's cooking show on my local PBS cable channel. I like her format of sharing recipes from Italy, which are intermingled with beautiful videos of her visiting the region from where her recipe originates. I was intrigued by her episode on Sardinia, and then I watched her making a very simple pasta with two of her grandchildren! Lidia explained each step so well, that she made it look so simple--so I decided I was going to make this delicious looking dish. Unfortunately, I don't have any of her cookbooks (which is going to change), and this recipe was not posted on her website. The sausage tomato sauce is very similar to how I make marinara sauce, so that was easy to "wing" on my own. As for the pasta-- I had to rewind her show (I love DVR), pausing and trying to see the measurements on camera. I ended up guessing at the amount of water she used to make this very simple semolina flour "gnocchi". Let me show you:
So, what has happened here… two brands, one sell insurance and peace of mind, the other sells Portuguese chicken! You ask what do they have in common? Nothing…. Except…
Tony Stark: I thought I didn’t qualify. I was considered, what was it… volatile, self-centred, and I don’t play well with others.
Karma Chameleon…Culture Club
Sleepin' on the job
Keepin’ my feet on the ground
Heather Trim, People for Puget Sound, Toxics, Seattle Zero Waste
OWS has been accused of not having a policy proposal – a solution to the problem of inequality. At the present, this charge is unwarranted. A protest movement doesn’t need policy memos, only a sense of right and wrong. However, a social movement that wants to not merely register discontent but to actually exercise power does need an agenda. A time will come when OWS will have to choose.
David had loved Cassandra. He loved her so much. He probably would have traded his whole career in for her. He would have risked his life to save hers. He would have done anything for her. He could not imagine not loving her. He couldn't wait to marry her, although he was way too young. And he did worry that Hollywood was a jinx on marriage. But he had hope that they could beat the odds. Grow old together.
Paterno was Penn State and it's sad that he had to go out this way but the truth lies somewhere in the middle.
COMPLETELY UNRELATED, but while searching for pictures for this post, I came across this photo entitled Typhoon Party on Okinawa July 1970 and it is one of the single most awesome pictures I have ever seen. Read the whole story accompanying it too.
Paper Trimmer, Tombow Tape Runner, and my Glitter Pen
Amber laughs, "Yeah because I make an effort. You're just too approachable and you really need to wear more makeup you could be so pretty." I know I should be offended but it's too funny. Plus apparently I could be pretty if I only tried harder!
Art is a powerful and valid form of expression, as is music and any other kind of talent. However it does not define me as a person. I am not the sum result of my work. I am the sum result of the people around me, the God I serve and what He says about me, and each day as it comes. How I treated the people in my life, how quick I am to forgive and to give and to extend grace. Those are my daily challenges.
This transcript is damning not merely because Cardinal Brady was given the names and addresses of other victims which he apparently decided not to pursue, but because the Roman Catholic Church in Ireland clearly sought to intimidate, humiliate and bully young and vulnerable teenagers who had already endured months and years of torture and rape. That Cardinal Brady was party to an inquisition which sought to impugn the victims’ motives and probe deeply into their sexual identity in order to deflect blame from the abuser offends every notion of justice and appals every sense of compassion. The Cardinal was not concerned with pastoral care: he was party to a process of psychological and emotional abuse after the victims had endured the trauma of physical and sexual abuse. One needs no ‘guidelines’ to deal with this: if the shepherd should care for his sheep, he should care all the more for his lambs.
Here is another one that is growing like a weed. Thank heavens for Skype. Her little brother/sister is due in six weeks.
I love what I do - that is when I'm totally free to do what I do best. If you do something from your heart, then how can it be called work? I've met a few people who do what they love and love what they do - none of them check their watches for tea breaks or the famous 'end of the day' time. They are also not concerned with weekends or holidays - if you do what you love, then everyday is a holiday.
Coming back to West Bengal, it faces a number of other demands, like Greater Cooch Behar, Kosal and Kamtapur.
I opened the report immediately and printed it out. I read it, but wasn’t at all sure of what I was reading. As I’ve always done, I was over-thinking – the results were so obvious that I just couldn’t trust the answer. So I went online and researched the numbers on the results. Full-Sibship = 5.84 and Half-Sibship 72.25. It seemed obvious enough that we were only half-siblings, but is that just what I WANTED to hear? I had to make certain. I researched an entire day, still shaky about what it all meant. Then I decided to call the lab. The lab tech pulled up my results and I asked her, “So, if I’m reading this correctly, there is a slight chance that my sister and I are full siblings? This doesn’t look conclusive.” She replied, “Oh this is absolutely conclusive. It shows that you and Sibling #2 are only half-siblings and could not possibly be full-siblings. There is no question based on the results of your tests.” YES!!!! Her words were spoken like the Angels in Heaven, reassuring me that the door to TRUTH had opened and the path I sought was now safe to travel – my journey had begun!
Further down the car, we can see the rear brake duct cascade. Rules allow 12cm of bodywork inboard of the rear wheels, there is no stipulation that these function as brake cooling ducts, so teams exploit this for ever larger stacks of aerofoil sections to gain downforce directly acting upon the wheels.
Your words
S.E. 23.9.11
4) The romance. Yes, there is romance, and yes, it works for me. I mean, there's the whole best friend thing, and the mysterious guy thing, and both are captivating and vying for attention. And I love how Delaney doesn't know what to do and who to trust.
It was my job to put together the cabinets. I love puzzles and the assembly of cabinets (or furniture… even IKEA furniture) feels like putting together a puzzle to me, so I enjoyed it.
"I do remember being incredibly unselfconscious, but it wasn't
What's the beer all about then? If you must know, then it's caramel in a three piece suit with a buttery bow tie demanding a malty hit or else it's off to the adjunct fields with you, low-class picker and strummer. If there's a hit packed into this pint sized lager it's that it drinks down rather smooth and quick. Kinda like sunshine on the rocks makes your belly dance the las dos rosas.
MomSelect sent me a kit so that I could have a Hexbug party for 10 of Kyle's friends. We got some great product to keep, as did all of the guests (that's the disclosure, folks). None of my friends are involved in this aspect of social media, so they didn't get it. They didn't get why they sent me the stuff "free," and why they got to keep some of it. When I sent out the invite via email, I tried to explain it, and said, "There's nothing to buy at all. They want me to show my friends and get your opinion."
How did you make the world a better place?
So back at the Slutensuite Courtney explained she felt bad about being a huge bitch to everyone on the show, in America, probably in Santa Monica and Scottsdale too. Ben was immediately like “oh, totally, I mean I’m sorry for even asking” and I wanted to save homeboy from her. I mean, the thing is, there’s no way around it. When a guy wants a girl to be the one, he will do everything the make her the one, even if the one talks like a baby all the time and hates humans. I feel for Ben. He’s been seduced and in the end, he didn’t want to ruin the Slutensuite, which was the point of the whole thing from the get go.
If we take up any form of higher Yoga practice, pranayama, mantra or meditation, we are likely to have various experiences, some of which may be quite dramatic. These experiences may be spiritual,
We need a new State banking system in each EU country, all independent and sovereign to each country and within the state system, City Banks, localism of finance is essential.
The Age specifically mentioned and cited Carmia's live updates from Haifa in an article published on July 18:
Sciascia does require one to use the brain, but if you like something easier, try Andrea Camilleri. Very funny and very good - the best living Italian crime writer. They have made TV shows out of his books.
I started reading at approximately 11:50 am, so I'm planning a 12 hour readathon for myself.
Last weeks was list five things you love about the moon. I added some facts about the moon on my page as well. I doodled this in the evening then just added some watercolour crayons to the background and some silver pen.
*** Sweet, lemony, and slightly sticky. Good stuff. I expect it will make an excellent breakfast.
Start reading it: ” With the weekend arriving and a long day finally over, 8-year-old Cherrie Mahan stepped off her yellow school bus on a chilly Friday around 4 p.m….”
“From what I understand, they were innocent men. But the Chinese may well have reacted in a peculiar way that would have seemed suspicious to the British, who were paranoid and ignorant of local ways. The British always had problems with the Chinese community.
In historical context, property owners were levied taxes by their respective governments to pay for the community services they requested from the governments they formed. That made sense to everyone, especially as property ownership was a requirement to vote. Interesting concept, the people who paid the taxes were the ones who decided how the taxes would be spent. Wow, how times have changed! (But that’s another argument altogether!) Now at least in Lee County, tax dollars collected out in the county do not directly benefit the very people who have paid them. City police and fire services do not extend into the county neither do city maintenance and road crews. In other words, the people paying the collected taxes no longer have a say in how the money is spent.
Luke 14:26 (KJV)
Oil- 1 tbsp + enough to fry the shallots
The darkness of night came. It was his first night fallen. The stars seemed far away…further than they had ever been. He was lonely, sad, and lost. Even worse, he was blind in the darkness of the night. He was Samuel the Blind; but he would search for her until he found her or until the darkness caused him to forget the only thing he had, her face.
Turns out only the salmon fillets were pink. A kind of golden-brown pink, once they were cooked and drizzled with a cherry vinaigrette. A big blob of just-sitting-there.
nuggets of gold to pass on
That highlights a significant difference between what was envisioned back then and the ideas in circulation now. It’s not progress which interests people, it’s money; and one little one-kilometre metallic asteroid contains enough valuable metals (the nickel content especially) to pay for the combined, post-financial-crisis national debts of the EU and the USA.
However, beware of those mad impulses and use caution when approaching anything hot, so consider buying yourself new gloves?
Unknown amount of loyalty, will either love you unconditionally and marry you with all your flaws (but of course bitch mercilessly to all his boys), or get fed up and leave you for a perky breasted girl with sex appeal you can’t see (but all your friends think she is WAY more gorgeous than you but will never say, well, not to your face)
Cheryl: I have such a long list, but I’ll limit myself to a few: Laura Ingalls Wilder for her keen eye for detail; Lucy Maud Montgomery for her flowing descriptions that allow readers to paint wonderful pictures in their minds; and Kathi Macias for her ability to tell powerful stories that stay with you a long time after you’ve read them.
I found these crown hangers.
You also will no longer have to worry about going through the tedious motion of ordering your silver solution every week. With a colloidal silver generator, all the silver that you need can be made from the comfort of your home at no added cost.
Here’s a great way to use both eggs and leftover noodles for a satisfying dish. Paula Super, of Merrimack, writes:
funny how god works..
About 30 minutes before serving, place the torn biscuit dough in the slow cooker. Cook until the dough is no longer raw in the center.
Thirteen year old Taner's arc is already written, so I need to flesh out the opposing forces of his world from another character's point of view from:
"It wasn't until now that I was lucky enough to be pregnant with a child I had no means to support."
After your session, you can expect an e-mail with your photo gallery. These are not the finished prints, but simply a preview. Choose your favorite shots and any special requests (ie-"Please make image #6 black and white"). Within 2 weeks (and usually much sooner), you will receive a disk with the full-size image files, including a copyright release so that you can make as many prints as you'd like. Please see pricing for further details.
This means short stories are on the back burner again, after a few months of writing and submitting them again (and a few welcome hits!)
1 irony
If you don’t like this course, or for any reason, you can just ask for a refund within 8 Weeks and that’s it – your purchase is refunded, no questions asked.
This is one trait I have found across all runners I have met. Runners are (mostly) great people! I have met so many wonderful runners at races, through running clubs, and through the running/blogging community. Runners respect one another. Think about it...when you are out for a run, and you see another runner, don't you just want to wave?? And how about this: "An exercise physiologist can essentially prove that a 4-hour marathoner works harder than a 2 hour marathoner." Running a marathon is running a marathon, no matter how fast it takes you to finish.
"Come here." With great difficulty, the old man knelt down on the floor and lovingly pulled Monsieur Dupree close to him. He tied a ribbon around his neck with a huge red bow, and then he attached a note to it. Monsieur DuPree wondered what it said.
In this provocative and unvarnished account of his three years on the continent of his ancestors, Richburg takes us on a extraordinary journey that sweeps from Somalia to South Africa, showing how he confronted the divide between his African racial heritage and his American cultural identity.
A few weeks ago I was invited along to 'The Show' at the Bullring Shopping Centre, where I took my seat at the end of the catwalk situated within the mall with my sister Hailey and the lovely Fritha from Fish Tank Fashion. The mini-fashion show showcased what the UK High Street had to offer in what is now, a yearly fashion event for the Bullring. This particular spot is also where TV stylist and haberdashery lover (well I had to say it!), Gok Wan likes to put on his roadshows. The show itself featured brands that were available in the shopping mecca that is The Bullring. They also played with the idea of the hologram and a screen at the end of the catwalk displayed images of Tiffany Pisani (winner of 6th Cycle, Britain's Next Top Model) appearing alongside the live models who strutted their stuff down the runway.
“If the results of the last state election are anything to go by, Yong could be heading for the chopping block if he decides to retract his decision to retire,” the insider said, clearly hinting that SUPP’s best might not be good enough against the might of the Opposition.
The subdivision homeowners’ association is going to absolutely freak. And they’ll think it’s my fault because it’s near my driveway. My annual dues are going through the roof after this.
I started as a size 14 and now I am a size 10. Life is getting good, but that is because I am working hard to make it be the way I want it to.
Jack the Ripper ends up killing some patients of the hospital soon after they are released. Abbie begins having visions of these murders as they occur. It takes Abbie a while to realize this, then when she gets a vision, she immediately tries to intervene, with little success. There's more than visions in Ripper, but I'll let you discover the other paranormal aspects for yourself.
Again, no response. This time he followed with “AN ANSWER IS REQUIRED!”
Would be want to add one to the stable? Tough question, as I’m just not sure how often it would be used. Amongst our tandem cycling friends, there are probably 1/2 a dozen triplets so it’s not like we couldn’t get our hands on one if we needed to. Frankly, the ideal multi-seater would be a convertible that could be configured as a tandem, triplet or quad. Having four adults on a quad would be a scream!
What makes this work so well is the contrasting flavors with sweet winter squash: tangy red wine vinegar, bright lemon juice, and earthy shallots combine with tangy crumbled feta and smokey paprika and roasted cumin coated toasted pumpkin seeds. All layered on a bed of wild arugula.
He saw a chamber with a deep stream running through the center. It was oddly shaped, and many corners were obscured by shadow or bends in the natural walls. There were dimly glowing blue crystals, common in the natural caverns about these parts, that provided dim light to the chamber. There seemed to be nothing threatening so the party moved forward until they all stood in one small section of the chamber separated from the rest by the deep stream. Some one (or thing) had fastened a rope to hang from the ceiling over the center of the twenty foot wide stream, and with it, it would be possible to swing to one of the other three sections of chamber. In two of those sections, the keen eyed Halfling spotted shivering squelching globs of ooze that were shaking themselves to full wakefulness as the party entered.
- January 1971 “My Sweet Lord” single no. 1 around world with Hare Krishna refrain
Next is to get into work. You can either sneak in or walk in calmly and not in a rush. Guilty people rush. Calm people walk normal. If you safely enter undetected and make it to your lunchroom/locker room your in the clear. Congratulations! Depending on how long you took you have now won the excuses of "Stomach problems on the toilet", "Personal matter on the phone", ladies also gain +1 save roll to "Female Problems".
I thank you for your grace and mercy in our lives, Lord. Even when things don’t seem to be going well, you give us assurance that you are God and you are in control.
A friend dropped me a note about the game. He is starting off and while he likes the game, he is more interested in *pew* *pew* and less interested in the sometimes grindy acquisition of ISK. (I’ll admit, mining is an acquired taste, and all the more so when mineral prices are down.)
Cliffhanger: Light decides that he’s going to use the Death Note to kill off all the criminals and evil people to create a world full of only the kind-hearted people he accepts. He declares that he’s going to be “the god of this new world.”
And this is where acceptance is blocked out, by pastors who forget to love and preach that it’s ok to beat down our young men and women until the homosexuality is gone – as if it were possible to do so.
Some other sources have also reported spotting foreign helicopters in the area while the locals, when contacted also confirmed to have witnessing landing, take off and flying of helicopters in the aerial direction of the bordering Afghan province of Paktika and Paktia.
1 large tomatoe, diced
It just may not be enough. Or more specifically, it just may be that his issues dovetail so thoroughly with issues with my dad. It may be that I’m especially needy in this area – one that he’s especially weak in. And vice versa.
is the face of a newly adoptive mother.
Once he slept in bed and forgot to go to his exam (it wasn’t his Final, thank god!) The next morning, he got a call from his uncle, Herbert and no doubt, stern words of warnings were issued. It left Benjamin with a red face and he left the room saying that he needed a heroic fry-up breakfast to recover.
* time for myself
Secondly, if the low-cost properties are so collateral-worthy, that the market price is much higher than the purchase price, then why can’t these loans be made via commercial banks and not through EPF social lending programmes? If DBKL is able to provide the guarantee, and the guarantee is even “better than normal corporate property”, then surely, banks will be rushing to provide the loans and not shy away from them.
Broken lines
neither does it spin.
I got to chat with Beryl about the turned taquete towels that I've been weaving. I got the pattern from her. She told me about the colors that she likes to pair, and I came away with a plan for a little different warp, but I'll wait for my new yarns to get here. I could have had them en route by now, but I'm so horrible with numbers that I muffed up the online order. They emailed me that I got an F in credit card information. Okay, not quite that harsh. So I'll just have to weave the next lap robe. Since I spun and dyed the wool, I don't have to wait for delivery.
You'll never believe it. This one had gone under too! CLOSED FOREVER! Whaaat?! Are Texans not supporting their local Arby's? I was almost in tears... and now I was sure we were going to be late!! We found a Wendy's on the way to the freeway and quickly pulled through. It ended up being delicious, but there was a little hole in my heart for the Roast Beef sandwich I had been craving.
I remembered long nights in my twenties when a girl would say my name over and over again. L remembered the way boys had watched her and wanted her and did whatever they had to in order to have her. We saw ourselves as sleek beasts at one time, prowling jungle cats. But there was no reason to believe that we’d ever be sleek beasts again.
J. First aide kit
We should give thanks to God for everything. Not just a quick mention that something worked out for us and we are thanking Him in one little snippet and then it never gets brought up again. That is not true thankfulness. We should brag about what God did for us and give Him thanks. Not just a quick snippet in Sunday school or church bible study. If true repentance is more than saying I am sorry, like is preached in most churches. Then true thankfulness is more than saying “Thank God”. We should let our thanks be heard and be passionate about giving thanks.
Do you see any particular challenges facing needleworkers today?
The symposium brings up such questions as “when you read a review of art, do you actually finish it?” “How come art historians hate art so much?” “Who put Artforum in charge?” and “Will there be a contest to see which critic can write the most thorough description?”
x Gigi
at where
2-13 Hamilton, ONT Copps Coliseum
I used MFT's Fishtail Flags STAX Die-namics for the panel and sentiment banners. For finishing touches I added a button and gingham ribbon!
As the faces the masks appear, as I glance at the faces studying the
The answer is clear, my dear love, don’t you see?
IF I were more organised, and I was a member of the bloggy circle who produced beautifully crafted and seasonal wonders, I might be tempted to do a 'how-to' here. But as it is, I am not, and my pictures aren't great, it leans terribly to the left, and my children did things their own way, with as much sellotape as possible. Isn't that what its all about though? I'm very proud of their efforts- come and have a look!
‘Betrayal’ by Michele Kallio
Paper: Crumb Cake, Whisper White,
The chapel is immediately surrounded by thirty acres of peaceful woodland, as well as serving as a starting point for a number of gentle countryside walks, all of which offer an environment that feels light-years away from the square which bears Pey Berland's name in central Bordeaux…
The Father is to be worshipped in spirit (the Holy Spirit) and truth (Jesus is the Truth, Jn. 14:6). The Holy Spirit inspires our worship, and Jesus Christ intercedes and mediates as our High Priest in our worship of the Father.
when Felix was left with a letter from his dad
Thanks for reading and have a great week.
Ew. They encourage kids to read this stuff, you know. Both of these passages are about the death of Judas, the guy who took the “thirty pieces of silver” idiom way too literally when he betrayed Jesus. He then went on to marry Mary Magdalene, father the bloodline of Leonardo da Vinci, establish at least eight secret societies which would rule the world two thousand years later, and hide the Holy Grail in Castle Anthrax. (I think it was something like that, anyway. I may have dropped some acid when I watched the Da Vinci Code movie. Good times.)
I knew straight away that the basic 'dandelion clock' would be fairly easy to create in beadwork and I set about using a combination of Swarovski crystal pearls and seed beads to get the look I wanted.
The abortion debate should be centered on one issue: the rights of a human being versus the rights of an embryo/ fetus.
The DA's Theo Coetzee said: "Moe Shaik is deeply involved in faction fights within the ruling party, and we must therefore assume that his appointment will further politicise the NIA."
I'm afraid.
Assistant AD Dom Perno is retiring at the end of the month, meaning the last of the UConn crew is officially outta here (at least by my count.) Many GWHoops.com posters didn't seem too upset that he's leaving. I didn't have much visibility on what he did or didn't do, as the case may be, but it's good to have a fresh start and I wish him well.
Brian "Stillwater" Strumke of Stillwater Artisanal Ales)
Enjoy~!
-I painted my toenails an awful color of pink but I'm too lazy to change it right now. So, if you see me out...just know that I know its bad.
Today sees the 75th anniversary of the Spanish Civil War. In 1931 with the proclamation of a Republic a Socialist-Republican Government was formed in Spain, which had the support of many revolutionary forces active in Spain.It had a commitment to the seperation of the church and the state, and a commitment to international peace, modern systems of education, land reform, and more equal roles for both men and women. By 1936 the Spanish Republic had recently been revived by the election of a moderately liberal government after 5 years of tension and retrenchment. A new popular front alliance of all anti-fascist parties had swept the country the previous year. However on the night of 18th July , 1936 the army mutinied with their generals against the people. They bought in foreign legionairres and colonial troops and under General Franco proclaimed a military takeover. A bitter struggle had begun.
Chorus (25)
Fast forward some years and her children are now grown and Rehana is celebrating, as she does every year, the day on which they were returned to her care. She throws a party for their close neighbours and friends, a feast of good food and appreciation that they are all together again. Her son Sohail and daughter Maya are both teenagers, attending the local university. Both are quite involved in politics – especially Sohail. Bangladesh was known as East Pakistan and this novel takes place during their nine month long war for Independence.
I recommend The Wedding Organizer by russell + hazel that I co-authored, but if you visit your local book store you can see a sample of other organizers by Martha Stewart Weddings, Emily Post, Mindy Weiss (available Jan 15th) and theknot.
One of those projects is our dining room turned library that I first told you about in January. My plan was to get rid of the never-used dining room and turn it into cozy library-type space that we would actually USE.
You bless me.
What are you reading? Have you read a series that stays true to a different time? Would you ever consider writing one in this fashion?
passionate life could be? And would not wandering festivals of wonder and
REASON FOR DEMANDING RECALL OF JAMES CROOKER, CAMMANN ROAD DISTRICT COMMISSIONER, AS PROVIDED ON RECALL PETITION:
These are films that play up the fact that right there in the middle of their paper-thin, repetitive plot are the Fear Flasher, the Horror Horn, Smell-O-Vision, Percepto, Duo-Vision, Ghost Vision, the Punishment Poll, all there just to keep the viewers' eyes on the screen and their attention drawn.
Hope everyone had a wonderful weekend! Things have been really busy around here I hope to catch up on reading everyones blogs this week!
Place all ingredients in a sauce pot and bring to a simmer for 30 minutes. It will thicken slightly and will thicken more as it cools. Make a day in advance or several days in advance to allow flavors to meld.
It may be pointed out here that Ms Shehazadee lives in one of the community wherein groundwater is contaminated with toxic chemicals leaching from the Union Carbide’s abandoned factory.
i want to rampage through the city with toy weaponry
Dark coffee color but not opaque with a robust beige head. Smells faintly of grapefruit but not like an IPA. There is a balanced maltiness and hoppiness. Looks like a stout, labeled like an IPA but really neither.
WAR HORSE, music by John Williams
Abel, on the other hand, was the first man of faith. Prior to the Fall, Adam and Eve had no need of faith in the same way as their descendants. They lived in the paradise of Eden and had direct contact with God. Their children were the first to have need of faith in its fullest sense.
The biggest thing I'll take away from the book, the element that will stick with me the most, is the incredible set-piece imagery, some of which wouldn't seem out of place in a Lord of the Rings film. I think certain 'snapshots' from the book are forever imprinted on my memory, they're so unforgettable. The great twin mountain peaks at sunrise. A wounded bull elephant charging through the trees (there are scenes of elephant hunting in the book, by the way, but as with the outdated race issues it would be unfair to judge Haggard too harshly for it). Key moments from the tribal war. The moment when the trio first enter the Kukuana Place of Death (that was perhaps the most memorable scene of all for me). I mean... wow. I'm actually glad that no decent film adaptation of the book has ever been made, because now I'm not tempted to watch it. It'd take a damn fine movie to match up to the pictures in my mind! Perhaps I should write to Peter Jackson...
Hi Readers — We have all heard from parents who would LIKE to let their kids have the kind of stay-out-till-the-streetlights-come-on childhoods they themselves enjoyed. BUT, say those parents, “Times have changed. It feels so much more dangerous now!”
We find these easy to make flat breads quite tasty and are perfect with hummus and we are looking forward to trying them with other meals.
Did I? Errr…well no, but it’s a pretty decent effort, compared to the others, so let’s see…
Did I say 2 mice ran into us during our discussion? Okay, they backed off as if saying sorry for interruption but its already 4:30pm. Nevertheless, interesting statistics: Government of Pakistan has so far spent Rs. 50 Million to clean sweep mouse population from the vicinity of Parliament house and Secretariat. The black fat creatures still rule.
I feel a lot better and I see a little bit of difference in the tone so I thought when I stepped on the scale today that I would have at least lost a little. Nope….I gained a pound. Now I am not going to get too upset about this because weight fluctuates on a daily basis by a few pounds but I still get bummed when the scale doesn’t do any encouraging.
The second question is:”Once a charter city succeeds, is the experience applicable to other underdeveloped regions?” China’s SEZs could be replicated because the Chinese government at local levels are similar to each other (relics from the three departments six ministries system <U+4E09><U+7701><U+516D><U+90E8><U+5236><U+5EA6> in ancient time and decentralization of power in modern time). China itself is like a huge laboratory. But few other countries share these characteristics with China. The basic administrative organs are pre-existing before any kind of charter is built and they can be destructive to the functioning of a charter city. How to coordinate a balance between the new rules and the existing ones will be a great challenge for charter city program.
It´s good to note that Field of Glory uses the standard DBx basing system, so this makes your figures available for many many rulesets.
Oh shit. I wandered onto the nekkid beach. I pretended like I was cool and gathered my stuff and just sort of wandered off. Quickly. Yeah, yeah, I've lived in Europe for almost 8 years now, but I still don't do naked beaches. I might see someone I KNOW and then what? No thank you.
One of the side effects of this practice, is the way that it helps and encourages others to live up to the generosity of your interpretations.
As for Demand Studios they pay regularly and quickly but I have been struggling with the articles that they want. One of the gems yesterday was Beer Faucet and Shank Assembly. What????
Book format: paperback, 528 pages
Do not be surprised or alarmed, it is just the horse in spirit, who has very big heart, full of unconditional love and wisdom.
Ember sank beside me and offered one of the last Oneiroion blooms, but I couldn’t eat. I held it in the palm of my hand and looked into the bulb as if the answer lay within its petals. I just kept saying over and over again that I wanted to go home, but they wouldn’t let me give up.
When they were building the bar area they were behind schedule, in a hurry, discovered a skeleton arm with hand attached coming out of the wall, but time was slipping away so Mr. Bones got covered up again , the bar built over him...
Wake up people! Property is anything the “Nation” decides it to be. If they decide tomorrow that white people’s land houses cars furniture, mines, banks etc, needs to be expropriated, they will do so without batting an eyelid.
The real question is not whether the soul exists or not. The real question is, have you entered into yourself to see whether there is any inner reality, or are you just a container without any content?
As you are flying to New Orleans for ALA, be sure to acknowledge your library-brethren/sistren -- the flight attendants. Like you, these kindred spirits teach in small, confined spaces; they express an obvious boredom with teaching the same lesson over and over again; and their lessons are directed to patrons who blatantly ignore them.
I was lucky. Halfway through writing my novel Jude, I realized I needed to step outside it, and write a short story. I needed to see where Jude had come from, and why he had left on the quest of the novel. So I wrote “The Orphan and the Mob”. And I wrote it as well as I could. I wrote it insanely meticulously (draft after draft, polish after polish, building in layer after layer), considering how it was a short story and would never earn me any money. And then it won the National Short Story Prize. And I cried.
Well being in front of the camera and acting!! Lol.. sooo much fun! Second I was amazed how much it looked like the movie! The idea to do something like this was truly unique n’est-ce pas? I had been using these products on Jean Dujardin even before the film The Artist came out. We were already starting to do press. So the steps of what I did in the video is really what I did for him.
Brace yourself, people. You are entering the world of Jackwagons gone wild. Say What? is a series of quotes that I collect as I go about my daily business of deciphering the “news”. I take no responsibility for any keyboards or monitors you may ruin in the course of reading this column. There is also bound to be NSFW language along the way, consider yourself warned. Be sure to look for link Easter Eggs as you go. Please keep your head and arms inside the ride at all times. Enjoy!
If you’re still reading and want to know — at least what little I know — read on.
Have you been looking for the perfect fabric to make those accent pillows for your couch or bed, but are tired of the stuff you find in regular fabric shops? Looking for the sweet pattern that will make your next fashion project truly you? Welcome to the relief that is a fabric oasis.
This past weekend, Best Man Justin became Groom Justin ... which means that I got to spend an amazing week in the northeast of France with some amazing people ... and it means that we've got a lot of catching up to do.
We went to Shirley's Fabric store. I needed black embroidery floss. I was thrilled to finally find some there as I have been searching for it for quite a while now. I thought I wanted DMC, but Shirleys had Coats and Clark, and since that name is so familiar to an old sewer like me, I bought a handful of skeins. Hope they restock the black soon as this is all they had on their rack! The store had been given major adjustments to the inside look. So much better than it used to be-kudos!
popoy
The drama bit of Uwe Boll's docu-drama. It depicts the arrival of a large number of Jews at Auschwitz. Moments later, the infants and younger children are separated from the adults and shot in the head. On camera. I'm not a big watcher of sensitively handled things, but I'm still pretty positive that shooting children in the head is not the way to go about being sensitive. The rest of the victims are sent to the showers where they strip off and await the inevitable. Meanwhile, two Nazi officers talk about their holidays and birthdays whilst drinking vodka. Admittedly, this bit works well, showing the banality of evil and the terrifyingly human face of Nazi. In the background, Uwe Boll hulks around as the only Nazi officer who apparently doesn't have to wear a helmet, eating a sandwich.
I had beautification
Which brings me to, I really hate being 40. I thought I would handle it
The two faces of PP
Book details JFK affair with teen White House intern (Inquirer.net)
2nd pic: Rum & raisin and peony tea!
(1) The revised rules would require that second or subsequent continuation or continuation-in-part applications and second or subsequent requests for continued examination of an application include a showing as to why the amendment, argument, or evidence presented could not have been previously submitted. If an applicant cannot show why such matter was not previously submitted, the USPTO will not allow the continuation to claim priority to the original application.
Alright! Time for another one of my offity posts! Yes, I did some more "sewing" projects! I LOVE the craftaholics anonymous blog and wish that I had the time and recourses to do all of her projects, but when I came across this post on wrist warmers the other week I HAD to make some! They were just too cute. Not sure what I will use them for, but for the time being they are keeping my hands and wrists warm while allowing me to type, so, I count that as a viable use.
Prison Fellowship Scotland celebrated thirty years' existence this weekend. It was a great privilege to go along and be part of their celebration. Highlights for me definitely included taking three prisoners (legally, on licence!) with me and also meeting up with two much loved (by God and me and some others) former prisoners who are doing well and going on in their faith, in spite of difficulties along the way.
In some styles of qigong, it is taught that humanity and nature are inseparable, and any belief otherwise is held to be an artificial discrimination based on a limited, two-dimensional view of human life. According to this philosophy, access to higher energy states and the subsequent health benefits said to be provided by these higher states is possible through the principle of cultivating virtue (de or te <U+5FB7>, see Tao Te Ching, chapters 16, 19, 28, 32, 37, and 57). Cultivating virtue could be described as a process by which one comes to realize that one was never separated from the primal, undifferentiated state of being free of artificial discrimination that is the true nature of the universe. Progress toward this goal can be made with the aid of deep relaxation (meditation), and deep relaxation is facilitated by the practice of qigong.
This week we want to see work with a theme beginning with G! The only stipulation the challenge has is no back linking to work already posted - only new work to be linked please.
(A) Freedom, Able to do.
Priority number one, get the motorcycles and mopeds off the sidewalk. Step two, remove car and truck parking on sidewalks. Then remove cyclists from sidewalks. Follow the Paris lead.
And if God's plan for me is to be just a wife and mom...
Well, right now. Nothing. I’m on a deadline. :)
Licensed improvements. : If the licensor’s improvements are part of the licence, it is the best to clearly define them in this section. Improvements usually include inventions, technical developments and know-how, including trade secrets, as defined in the agreement that : (a) the licensor has or has obtained the rights to license, the (b) are patentable or not, (c) are developed or acquired during the term of the agreement, (d) pertain to the licensed process and licensed apparatus and (e) have been put into commercial use by the licensor. Their inclusion is a major consideration that should be thought out carefully by all the parties to the agreement.
Well, that time is your chance to get the bathroom into shape with a daily blitz. You have to be with them because they need supervision so that they don't drown and they don't grab razors and Tylenol and Comet and what have you. Yet, most of the time when you are in there, they are playing happily and you are doing nothing! So get off the phone and clean the bathroom!
Refreshments kindly provided by Pabst Blue Ribbon.
You guessed right – that Najib’s position. The PM-cum-finance minister has just crafted a munificent Budget that says if he has selected Idris Jala as his numbers man, he has not taken heed of him, particularly his warnings about the mounting threat of insolvency to national finances.
3. Embraceable You
So that’s the new name of this post: The One Great Thing. What one thing about freedom makes it worthwhile for those who seek it? What One Great Thing can make all the struggle worthwhile?
You don’t have to go out and get ‘em
Mary Leakey is recognized by many as one of the world’s most distinguished archaeologists and fossil hunters. At the age of 17 she began auditing courses in archaeology and geology at university and was soon recognized for her knowledge of stone tools and skills in scientific illustration. She was invited join Louis Leakey on a trip to Africa to draw the stone tools he had found. Three years later they were married and her lifelong work had begun. MARY LEAKEY: ARCHAEOLOGIST WHO REALLY DUG HER WORK, written and illustrated by Mike Venezia, is a title in the quirky, humorous, informational series "Getting to Know the World's Greatest Inventors & Scientists." Combining photographs, cartoon illustrations, and easy-to-read text, Venezia tells the story of Mary's life, from birth to death with heavy emphasis on her work in Africa and her many important discoveries.
So, another memorable visit to Angers. The next Burgess milestone will be 2012, and the 50th anniversary of the publication of A Clockwork Orange.
In both films, Arnold attacks three individuals at the beginning; the three punks in The Terminator and three at the bar in Terminator 2 (the man he takes clothes from, the man who attacks him with a pool stick and the man who stabs him).
They're moving us tomorrow to that tower down the track
But as I was preparing the dish, something was missing. Something green. I knew I had to make this healthier than just a cheese and potato dish. So I added 2 boxes of chopped spinach to the middle layer. That was not only a healthy addition but a delicious one.
This is easily the best fighting film we have ever seen: 4.5 stars.
Their suggestions usually include getting ideas from watching television, or from books and newspapers, or from places they visit and so on. Generally someone will come up with the suggestion of getting ideas from dreams – and if they don’t - I’ll remind them that dreams – and nightmares are often a great source of inspiration.
Best Weight Loss Tips – Not Enough Exercise
It doesn’t matter who I used to be
“What have I done?! It’s sailing itself! This ship, it’s sailing itself!“
i tested it out on one of my besties and her little one, totaling 2 big kids and 2 toddlers who loved it. victory.
With the final count down started, I just wonder whats on your wish list? What have you wished for this season, what is it that would out do the M &S toiletries, those slipper from Auntie and that box of chocolates that are not your favourites?
One thing greater than my strife
That same year, Gladstone's characteristically priggish opposition to Palmerston's divorce liberalization bill failed to carry the day -- the last of his moralistic crusades.
As Shannon makes her way down the street, she eventually comes across some commercial buildings at what appears to be a busy intersection. As she approaches the intersection, she notices that one of the buildings has a payphone on it. At this, she wonders how many payphones are still in existence around L.A. nowadays due to the high volume of cell phones in use. But regardless of how many cell phones come into use, there will, or at least there should, be a need for public payphones because of situations like this; an emergency situation where a person doesn’t have a cell phone handy and other types of phones aren’t available.
Pistono, from a politically active union family, clearly knows his way around corridors of power. He intersperses his surreptitious adventures, as his spiritual quest impels him to smuggle out documentation of imprisonment and suppression by the Chinese communists of monks, nuns, and laypeople who dare to shout out support for the Dalai Lama. He learns from Ming--a policewoman caught in her own half-Chinese, half-Tibetan parentage her own ambiguous position in power--of the "conviction quota" police must achieve monthly, and how "a case is closed" by torture or murder.
Like I said, my list was pretty simple this year. Doesn't take much to make me happy. Here's to 2012 and all the cool finds and experiences that await. :)
3. A village feel, Sydney is very much a series of neighbourhoods characterised by small independent shops and I love having a local butcher, baker and if not a candlestick maker certainly a fantastic cookware shop that could rustle up a variety of romantic lighting in the flame line.
“Over time, you learn how to head off problems, and, when you can’t, you arrive at solutions with less fumbling and more assurance……….I’ve come to know most of the _______that could arise, and have worked out solutions. For the others, I’ve gained confidence in my ability to handle a wide range of situations, and to improvise when necessary.”
Buddha: A really depressing book by this guy Chris Hedges.
After every draft all the draft experts, draftniks and fans rush to give their draft grades. I think that is a little presumptive since it takes ab out 3 years to really see how the draft actually turned out. What I decided to do is a Packers draft analysis outlining if the pick made by Ted Thompson. I won’t put a “letter grade” on the pick, rather give my opinion on if the pick was a good pick or a bad pick based on the fit and the player.
In 1994, the new North Terminal International Departures Lounge and the first phase of the new South Terminal International Departures Lounge opened. The investment for both lounges was £30 million.
Municipal bond funds enjoyed their 7th consecutive positive weekly money flows with an additional $403 million entering the sector according to ICI data. Lipper FMI confirms the positive inflow but suggests $163 million in inflows.
The buttons on the shoes are colored in with silver metallic pen as are the toes of the shoes...You can't see it well in this picture but the saying has a silver metallic scalloped oval behind it..I used the deconstructed sketch for this card which I really liked...Be sure to stop by Sassy Studio Designs to check out this awesome challenge..
More blessed and holy- More Savior, like thee.
and then, that afternoon, she chose a different story to read before naptime.
Sometimes you drive the road.
What were your musical influences when you formed?
And angle them the way I do, so they change drastically.
Aidan had to have an EEG, but the results came back normal. I remember having to hold him down for over an hour as they carefully marked his head with a red marker. They had to measure out the spots for the electrodes exactly so that his readings would be accurate.
Lace-Trimmed Cami: Few things get me as excited as a towering stack of colorful tanktops with white lace trim. Add in the buy-one-get-one-free thing, and I was definitely crying joyous tears in my dressing room, slapping myself in the face and whispering, "Keep it together, Winona, for the love of god!"
The Great Recession, officially declared over in 2009, lingers on in the impoverishment of millions, with Black America hardest hit, even as corporations rake in record profits. In March unemployment was officially 8.2%–for Blacks, 14.0%, double that of whites. Those figures would be higher if they included involuntary part-timers and “discouraged workers.” Just 14.7% of Black teens had jobs. The national poverty rate had risen to 15.1%, and nearly twice that for Blacks and Hispanics.
In nature we do see a law similar to natural selection. However, even in nature that law does not always reign. Happenstance, compassion, animal instinct, etc, sometimes leads to the weaker one’s triumph in a event. So we should not assume that the law of natural selection is absolute.
Your Pregnancy: Week 17
Every single discussion of politics in the USA needs to begin and end with one thing, and the thing is this:
Firstly, parents need to be compelled to get involved in their children's schooling. The current setup sees teachers being forced to pick up the slack caused by absent parents.
I cannot promise an exact turnaround time but if you need the reviews posted in a certain time frame please let me know.
Now this is some pretty harsh words. I have played rugby with the gentleman in question and this brings me to my dilemma. If he is indeed a junkie (can’t believe everything you read online, but the guy who posted this is related in some way to the person in question), can I ever play rugby with him again?
He created hysterical headlines about "Muslim inbreeding " with his comments about the health risks of cousin marriages among Pakistanis. The way he spoke about the issue was as though some Frankenstein-like creatures were filling the baby wards in maternity hospitals around Oldham, Bradford, Burnley and Birmingham.
Post card from Franz I received with this.
I was surprised that the brewery was worth less than 25,000 quid, including all the brewing kit. Why then was it first put on auction with a reserve price of £50,000? Were they being cheeky, or was this valuation unrealistically low? As we'll discover later, the brewery was eventually sold for more than the valuation. So I'd say £23,769 is definitely on the low side.
2 exasperated
First, I have been cleaning up my inks, pens and misc wall. Next week I'll tackle paints and mediums.
Thousands of African migrant workers have reportedly been detained illegally. According to the BBC, evidence suggests that some of the former rebels “engaged in a violent campaign of abuse and intimidation against the black immigrant community in Tripoli” immediately following Gaddafi’s death.
You know the soap dispenser that magically gets filled?
Servalakshmi
Have you been good? Will the Easter Bunny be visiting you?
It's been 10 months since I quit the ol' advertising job where I had to consistently think up rebranding strategies. Since then, instead of running around the office like a nut bar, I've been running around the world like a nut bar. You got a tourist attraction? I'll be there. How about hours of urban hiking all around your city? I'll do it twice. You've got a train departing every hour on the hour and all I've got is time? I'll take the 7 a.m.
Plus for making your mum cliché, well at least 5 points I think (maybe extra seeing as you, her and your relatives appear to have lived thru the experience) = 5 + (5 for everyone surviving) = 10 points
” I see value in everything…”
Such as the “track,” where the connection to suburbia is found in the dismal design of tract housing replete with absentee sidewalks, cul-de-sacs and boredom. The tracks are known as extremely violent places, so-called “red ghettos”, where poor, drunk Indians are struck for the rest of their lives. Or at least this is the image must people associate with the rez– Treuer recalls one white journalist not believing she had crossed the border until the track was in sight. It is another in a long line of images that seeks to connect Indians to an inescapable destiny. Most Americans view Indians as not only stuck in this hopeless place but also in an out-of-synch time.
Couric, that is. Charlie Gibson, Tina Fey..
An odd older guy was one of the first to get to Noel. In one of the most bizarre forms of admiration I’ve seen, he had a big, dumb grin on his face and gently touched Noel’s chest. ”I touched him!” Mind you, this guy is in his 50's at least. But he wasn’t finished. His next move was to caress Noel’s cheek. When Noel didn’t jump back or yell at him — probably a smart move on Noel’s part — the guy leaned forward, gently grabbed Noel by the back of the hair and pulled him in for a kiss on the forehead. My reaction was to yell, “Fella, that’s messed ! What’s wrong with you?” I was afraid that this guy was going to run Noel off at any second. A friend chimed in with a “What the ****, dude!” The creepy guy just drifted off with a huge grin on his face, nearly in tears saying something like “I just couldn’t help it. I got to touch him!” You’d think it was Jesus he’d seen.
This months Challenge is "Anything Goes"
Mark Lundholm, a renowned comedian and motivational speaker who shares his own journey through addiction, homelessness and recovery, will serve as the master of ceremonies for the rally.
With gentle force the filbert's flow, softens curving edges while
Yes, I write about food sometimes, but I’ve never asked for anything, never sought anything free. I also don’t expect anyone to care about anything I write. I tend to write about experiences, about those moments where food makes a memory, where it intersects with life in a beautiful, inextricable way, for better, for worse or for the simple pleasure of one wonderful bite. I write about time, I write about people. I write for me, and maybe for the handful or people who might read these words. When I have a meal or a moment that hits me, makes me feel something, I’m compelled to spend some time the next day thinking through why it made me feel that way. Like last night, even though the food wasn’t astoundingly noteworthy, the meal still was. It kept me up that night thinking, wondering, why had it bothered me (and the industry people I befriended) quite so much. And through writing and thought I have the benefit of a conclusion. Yes, I have a blog. Yes I write about food. But this doesn’t make me a food blogger. I think I can call myself a food writer, even if the only place my words end up are right here, on this blog.
The governor would establish a quota for this particular permanent residence category. The quota number would have to be made public.
Pursuing new interests, further developing passions, and setting goals. Three expressions of a creative heart that is realizing the world of writing has infinite possibility and can be encountered. I have set out to build a wordpress archive to practice describing life stories, expounding on my own thoughts and wonderment, and to learn how to write for children. The organization of my ‘blog’ will come together eventually, but for now its a melting pot of posts, links, quotes, and hopefully will not get to out of hand.
Wasted education, celebrating imitation. Misplaced admiration speaking for a generation.
The net sales decline “primarily reflects challenges in consumer electronics, which are expected to continue in the near-term,” ShopNBC said in a press release.
8 pack of Reese’s Cups. What you don’t just carry around an 8 pack of candy in your purse? Hmm, well I do. Actually this is all my secret pals fault. She? is such an enabler, but I love it because it means I have no shortage of peanut butter chocolatey goodness! Thanks secret pal!
remain.
(Natural News) If you’re wondering how do you get headaches, look no further than your diet. Although migraine headache causes may be varied, treatment for symptoms in people with headaches can be easily accomplished merely by changing your diet and including medicinal foods, spices, and a few home remedies.
Surrounded by silvery sage leaves, purple blooms dancing in the breeze...
” I would like to thank my Mum who had the patience and tenacity to teach me to knit in the first place. (sniff, sniff) I would also like to thank my ‘Nanny’. She was a role model to me, knitting me many a navy blue cardigan for school and no doubt countless hats, scarfs and jumpers that have been long forgotten…… oh and I mustn’t forget that without her I would not crochet as she was the one who introduced that to me. (sob, sob) More recently I must thank Nicky. She was the one who encouraged me to dig out my long-lost needles and start again….so, so, without her, my Mum and my Nanny I would not be where I am today. I can never thank any of you enough…..sob, sob…… I….I…. ohyesandImustn’tforgetJoanne……sorry… Joanne Scrace. She is a wonderful person who spurs me on to take the next, the next challenge. So thank you to you all………” (I go to move away from the mike but then come rushing back:) “Oh and I must not forget my family, my husband and children who allow me to do what I do. They put up with my yarn, needles and beads all over the place and the hours I spend sitting knitting and crocheting………. Yes that is everyone … oh apart that is from YOU Without you I obviously would not be here at all!” Runs off the stage.
There's really no way I can adequately catch everyone up with what's been going on. So, if you don't know the whole story, and your life won't be complete without it, send me an email!
Numero 2: Real piñatas are exciting and dangerous. Someone usually ends up crying from being clunked on the head. Kids are let loose to grab all the candy they can, by means fair or foul. The piñatas I’ve been to here (admittedly, most of which I was hosting) tend to be more “fair” with Moms evenly dividing out the candy afterwards….heh heh, and making sure no one gets clobbered. I’ve heard that in Mexico piñatas can still be made out of clay pots…that would definitely add an element of danger, with shards flying into the group of children!
We try not to complicate CC with many rules, but we do ask that you please use a CC badge or link back to Camera-Critters in some way. Thank you.
Character has extra appendage or organ not usually found in his species. Examples include: A third eye in the back of his head, light sensitive antennae, arms and hands (for a fish or other species that normally doesn't have limbs), a head or brain for a Plant. The players always design the new parts, but the GM must approve the design. Now, I appreciate the brevity of this entry and its reference to the GM as the final authority in determining what is an acceptable new body part. However, as Maxstadt notes at the start of his article, "Some players have trouble inventing original mutations which are more than mere variations of the official mutations in the book." Likewise, there's always a tug of war between player and referee in trying to decide just what sort of mutation is "too much."
1. Soak channa dal and rice separately for atleast 2 hrs or till they are soaked nicely.
Here’s to writing erotic awesomeness with warm sand between my toes…
Womankind, Annie Lennox
Nikki seemed a bit sleepy when I led her to the arena, but perked up once I was in the saddle. She was soft and light in my hands and nicely responsive off the leg. My time was short, so the ride was light and I focused on adjusting within the stride. Overall a lovely ride. I felt completely rejuvenated as I drove home, dreary, gray sky forgotten. Passing the napping kitties on the porch swing I smiled at them in acknowledgement. I startled two dozing horses as I passed them causing a slight burst of energy to erupt. It didn't last long, as they resumed their nap on the other side of the field. The quilting store parking lot was full when I passed and I imagined a room full of women quilting and sharing stories.....
it calls to me unbidden
Cool in the pans on racks for 5 minutes, then transfer the cupcakes to racks and cool completely before frosting.
a call to me to come back to the source.
This dish is easy to make, although it involves a bit of time in the prep work. It takes advantage of some of winter’s seasonal root vegetables : yukon gold potatoes, yams, parsnips and carrots. These vegetables are nutrient-dense, and very generous sources of fiber, especially when the skin is consumed. Root vegetables have enjoyed a bit of an upgrade in status in recent years, having previously considered to be peasants’ food and set aside for their more desirable relatives in the vegetable kingdom, the green leafies. But along with the movement to eat more seasonally, as well as an emphasis on nutritional value, these previously overlooked vegetables are enjoying a resurgence in popularity in many kitchens.
Hope you like some of that. If you don't... I never promised you would.
The book Horton Hears a Who has a lesson, and it tells us that nobody is too small, every little bit counts. But if we keep thinking that all our efforts are useless, then we’re hopeless. A pathetic waste of human kind. We all have a voice, let’s use it. I ask you to pretty please help me with this and spread the word. It won’t matter what you do, maybe tell everyone you see on the street, maybe write a blog post, maybe just post it on Facebook. Just do something.
Twas the week before Christmas
"For when Nera went back to the world of mortals he told the King and Queen of Connacht, Ailill and Maeve, about the treasure in the well. They broke into the Fairy Mound of Cruachan to possess themselves of the crown of Bruin. Some say the treasure was taken by them and some say they could neither reach or nor take it, but the storytellers of Ireland have to speak about it because the foray brought the Battle Goddess Morrigu into the Fairy Mound of Cruachan.
"But it WAS me!!" Patrick boldly declared, "I FARTED and I want everyone to KNOW it was MY FART!"
And then, as I was pulling back my sheets, I saw one. I actually saw one. People always talk about how small bedbugs are, and you start to think of them as more gross than scary. But when you see one that’s filled with your blood, it’s terrifying. I smothered it in a paper towel and dropped it into the toilet, flushing five times to be sure it was really gone.I hate insects, and the image of one making itself at home under my sheets is permanently seared into my brain.
Operator: Amtrak
Mohammed Nawaz, 57, who is thought to have fled to Pakistan, was given a 21-year sentence at Teesside Crown Court.
Brand: Sally Hansen
Good+ in Good+ Dust Wrapper. Gently bruised at the spine ends and corners with commensurate wear to the dust wrapper. Dust wrapper is stained on the reverse with a lable reinforcing the head of the spine. Leans slightly. Text complete, clean and tight. Pages slightly age-tanned at the margins.
“Trauma is not in the event itself. Rather, trauma resides in the nervous system.” – Peter A. Levine
However, after the 16th trip between the shallow end and the deep end, the student began to become worried that his economics professor had gone mad.
but I will show it to you once it get's there :)
Ever since working at Memories and More, I've been having fun playing with new stuff and thinking outside the box a bit more. I was so inspired by this gorgeous frame from the JustRite stamp collection called 'Just Keep Calm,' and so I decided to stamp it and try some Stampendous Aged Ivory Embossing Enamel heat embossed on top. It gave it quite an antique look...love it! The sophisticated sentiment went perfect with one of my favorite line of papers right now! It's GCDStudios Splendor.*swoon*
NEAR: Linda's is in the same shopping center as House of India and New York Deli. It is accessible from southbound Snowden River Parkway south of the Home Depot.
“Okay, I’m getting worried now.”
I think Hamilton needs more leash-free parks, but fenced in to protect against unwanted encounters of the threatening, biting kind. Hill Street park off Dundurn Street South seems to be working fine, and will hopefully serve as a model for more parks in neighbourhoods in Hamilton.
Triton College in River Grove is conducting a contest to find a name that complements the atmosphere created by the unending pool of talented students who have honed or are beginning to develop their abilities in the Dining Room.
we urge our young people to begin today to write and keep records of all the important things in their own lives and also the lives of their antecedents in the event that their parents should fail to record all the important incidents in their own lives. Your own private journal should record the way you face up to challenges that beset you. Do not suppose life changes so much that your experiences will not be interesting to your posterity.
Weyerbacher Brewing Company, Inc.Tough blow to Weyerbacher, but the right call, and well-said. Hope it comes back under a new name; it's one of their best beers and one I've been hoping to see more of. It will be back in May: see the comments.
Wishing everyone a wonderful year ahead and may you be blessed with the company of your loved ones and lots of crafty moments!
In addition, new workshops in our sister conferences include Visual Arts, Digital Film-Making, Acting, Poetry and more, all of which will provide enormous enrichment and crossover opportunities.
First, Chip and Dale Rescue rangers, this one I used to watch when I was very young! This one started in 1989 and got in 65 episodes until it ceased in 1990.
instead of disrespecting their own religion by
Monday, Monday. The best thing about today is it's one day closer to our family beach vacation! It's also Babygirl's last week of Pre-K, so we're loving on her as much as we can while our Son is at Summer Camp. Not much longer before I'm dropping them both off at the school doors. *gulp* So, projects might move a little slower in the next few weeks.
The owner, Mr Liew Kwai Yim, 66, says his father started the business. But his own kids are scattered - one in the U.S., two in Australia and one in KL.
Mal 4:2 But to you who fear My Name the Sun of Righteousness shall arise with healing in His wings; and you shall go out and grow up as stall-fed calves.
Margilla Hills, the serenity, magnificent buildings and cordial interaction with security forces: Welcome to the Pakistan Secretariat, Islamabad. I love this place.
So what am I doing with all that fabric? Well, I thought I would make a few bags to go on my stall. But then I realised the shoulder bags are too big. So now I have two stalls at the craft fair: Polly Polkadot jewellery and Polly Polkadot Textiles!
Suffice it to say that so far I am really happy! Oh, and I also wanted to mention something I noticed. Hubby was washing his hair with regular shampoo and conditioner last weekend, and the smell was so overpowering to me that I thought I might pass out. You don't realize how chemical-ly shampoo and conditioner smell until you stop using them.
I just love watching Tyler and Angela together. Tyler loves to sit right in front of her and say..."Hey baby sister, Hey!" He likes to hold her hand and kiss her face. If she cries he says, "Mommy she wants you...get her."
19. Read about Gallipoli in "Over There" With the Australians. It provides an interesting prospective; one I've never thought of before. I can't say though that I've had a ton of learning about Gallipoli.
Perhaps it was evenings in the backyard. Whether it was badminton, or croquet, or eating dinner on the green table, or just sitting and listening to the birds, it was a peace from the world. In the summer, after bike rides and long, hot days, it was to sit in the grass and feel the cool breeze blowing overhead; seeing the golden sky as the sun set only to illuminate another hot tomorrow. The lavender blossomed and set the whole yard full of fragrance, and the bumblebee tree was set abuzz with bees.
S: “I’m okay with it.”
After finishing secondary school, Albarn moved to London to attend the East 15 Acting School, losing contact with Coxon. He concluded after one year's stay that he was a terrible actor (although he did star in the 1997 film Face) and instead took up writing and performing music. Some of the songs he wrote in his early recording days later became Blur songs, such as "Birthday" on their debut album, Leisure. At the age of fifteen, he won an award for "Young Composer of the Year".
Doctors: ’Last Words’
The folks at True Brew Blog are home brewers and I suspect they’re doing a lot of brewing and not a ton of blog posting. I hope they’ll come back with some hair raising tales of seasonal winter brewing to jumpstart things but for now, I just hope they’re dropping in here at Beer Rant now and then since they were kind (and brave) enough to publicly admit they are “followers” here.
If, on the other hand, you like more natural alternatives to that oddly colored beverage, but enjoy the flavor of it, then I think maybe you’ll like my more natural sports drink.
I did make the silverbeet pie! You might remember I had a couple of jars of whey after I made those camemberts. I decided not to make pastry but to make ricotta instead and to use the fresh ricotta in a crustless pie. It was delicious.
Gold is used mainly in jewelry but is also a component in electronics. Extremely valuable and easy to smuggle, armed groups are earning approximately $50 million per year from gold.
The question is, did it have to be that way? The perhaps surprising but surely exciting answer is no.
The plot. I could go on about the plot holes, how the big action scene is actually just chucked into the movie with the flimsiest of writing, or how characters are just written so stupid it hurts. But let me sum everything up with one key factor. Everything about the movie, the event that starts everything, the one motivation behind the things that happen is all made moot when you realise that it was needless. Instead of all these complicated actions, instead of the bloodshed and the smuggling, the threats and the betrayal, all one person had to do was ask a friend for money. That’s it. There is no need for the actions of characters, for the introduction of villains, for the pointless twists, everything the movie is, is a complete waste of time. This is one of the biggest sins a movie can make, if everything could so easily be avoided then why are we watching this damn movie.
These navy blue socks have a cool floral detail and are covered in prairie flowers with a cow skull (bull!) in the middle of the feet.
And Friedrich Engels had similar views: "Revolution is certainly the most authoritarian thing there is; it is the act whereby one part of the population imposes its will upon the other part by means of rifles, bayonets and cannon" (from his controversy with the Anarchists).
Oh! that renegade Strawberry Roan.
Last night Ephesians 3:20-21 came to mind for me. “Now to him who is able to do far more abundantly than all that we ask or think, according to the power at work within us, to him be glory in the church and in Christ Jesus throughout all generations, forever and ever. Amen.” These verses are often used as a benediction at the end of a worship service and Paul reminds us that God is sufficient for all our needs and that His power is above and beyond what we think. Too often, we have a feeble estimation of what God can and will do. In essence, we underestimate the power of God in our lives. At the end of 2009, we had many plans for the coming year, but 2010 has turned out be much better than we could have ever imagined. Of course, the Bible tells us just that in Proverbs 19:21; “Many are the plans in a man’s heart, but it is the Lord’s purpose that prevails.” In retrospect, I am so thankful that God is in control and not us. God determined to shower His grace upon our lives and new and amazing ways that we would have never dreamed possible. As I think back on my Christian walk, I see this same pattern over and over again where I planned something, but God’s plans were so much better.
So, What Does Batman Eat?
That’s what it’s like.
Stand Out Dream Sequence: Again, this is one of those films where we can argue that the whole film is one long dream sequence (or not?) but one of my favorite scenes is the one where Donnie falls asleep in a movie theater while watching The Evil Dead and he ends up having a conversation with Frank, the man wearing the bunny suit. Donnie asks the man: “Why do you wear that stupid bunny suit?” and the man asks Donnie: “Why are you wearing that stupid man suit?” Then, a black hole forms on the screen of the movie theater!
8) Limit your fruit intake. Don't get me wrong. Fruit is delicious, and you should have some every day, preferably as berries. Blueberries are especially good. But don't overdo it with the fruit. It's full of fructose. And you don't want too much of that in your diet. Go for the vegetables whenever you can.
Maybe this reaction was something specific to me? If so, it might happen again! I guess I looked worried as don Rober approached me and asked if I was “bien?” I assured him I was fine and he smiled and patted my back. Other participants also came up to me and gave me their love and encouragement. This is such an affirming and responsive group experience. It is reassuring and powerful.
Second, allow your partner to park behind you. It'll be like docking the Enterprise at Deep Space Nine. Let him pull in and get comfy with his chest/belly to your back. Your partner is now the spooner. Together, you are in the Pringles position and must move in tandem to prevent crushing and crackage.
Now for some inspiration for the Design Team, please do pop along to their individual blogs and share some love..................................
There was once a boy. The Boy had books at home, torn and tattered books but they were good books. He wasn’t looking specifically for a book when he stumbled on the library, he’s always liked the library, and he loved to just hang out there. In fact, he loved the library so much he often asked his sister to come to the library with him. The Sister was popular with all the other books, they liked her because she could give them enough attention, whether or not she understood the story. The Boy didn’t mind. He enjoyed the library and the books, it was always a nice place to be, a place to rest.
"But he's quick to recover. His mind is always working and he's confident that everything he does is right even when it sometimes goes awry," the director adds.
I swear I will try to behave myself. Ignore the fingers crossed behind my back.
I find when I read discussions online about leaving money behind it is often assumed we will go back to a barter system or complete anarchy will ensue as looters and hoarders steal and damage what they can, leaving others with nothing. Sure there might be some panic as things shift, resistance to change in natural, but if you look at how the Occupy Wall Street Movement has organised itself amongst all the chaos of police state brutality and have achieved things from the library, catering and camps for large numbers of protesters and homeless, organising peaceful events, to providing the political foundation for serious change in our societal ethos through protest. So I feel confident we will not all regress into the darkest of our animal instincts. Sure there will always be that element to our nature, but if society stops creating monsters through unjust treatment and poverty there will be far fewer problems to deal with in the first place.
As a consequence of this brief possession Yvon is eventually fired from his job as a delivery man and, unable to find work and to support his family, Yvon gets caught in an escalating series of dramatic events. Yvon’s life starts spiralling out of control, pushing him into a seemingly endless flow of crime and violence.
Brian needs Bibles, and he’s asked me to spread the word. They’ll be distributed in San Diego this fall at the San Diego Lowrider Gospel Fest. This annual event shares hope with gang members, drug addicts, and kids at risk of gang activity. It’s a “least of these” population, if you will.
There was good citizenship when citizens accept the responsibility and accountability of participating in governance, in the management of the country.
"Submission doesn't mean that we are weak-minded, feeble, or frail. It means that we're empowered by choice, and that we're dedicated to esteeming others higher than ourselves."
How tall are you?
When I write my great dog training manifesto and become the next famous dog trainer, I will have to use this book’s layout as a model. Especially because I was amused at how many of her tips also pertain to dogs.
I’m not sure why they didn’t just keep the old system but have a jury read the shortlist. That was what we thought we were voting for, more or less. For example, there had been no suggestion until this procedure was announced that voting on the longlist was going to be abolished. Or that members would be limited to making three recommendations. At the 2010 AGM I tried introducing a rule that limited members to five recommendations: the response was so negative I withdrew the proposal without even putting it to the vote!
Most importantly – will the student still enjoy the university if she isn’t on the riding team after the first year?
Turn up the intensity knob a tad and get into the running drills actively! Followed by:
But there is an ominous explanation that lay behind this folly—an even greater folly: (1) They “did not remember the Lord their God, who had rescued them from the hands of all their enemies,” and (2) they “failed to show kindness” (Judg. 8:34-35).
So leading on from my pondering over cloudiness in the last post here's some examples and explorations...
Its comparisons of monthly salaries between day-laborers in developing nations, the President of the United States, and Prince Charles were also illuminating and sobering (and enough to make you want to take a polo mallet to all those commemorative plates for Will and Kate's Royal Wedding). So were its displays on its drug-treatment centers for the homeless. Amazing what you can do when you're a tiny country with a lot of wealth that you haven't frittered away on a mismanaged war or subprime mortgages.
Old Speckled Hen; England, Premium Bitter, 5.2%
Posted by Patrick & Amanda at 10:19 PM 0 comments
I really wanted to capture the freshness of the garden so I added some real foliage!! I have been pressing some flowers recently but they're not ready yet so I bought some vacuum packed bags of pressed flowers and foliage. They are pretty delicate so it's best to use a tweezers when handling them. I just added them to my card with some tiny dots of an acid free glue. The frame I made using Spellbinders Labels 18 and Classic Ovals large. The background is embossed using the woodgrain folder.
Joseph Stromberg notes that the Voortrekkers lived in a state of stateless anarchism before the formal implementation of the republics.
Canvas smocks & patches -- Michaels
I can however feel that as the days are getting longer and the spring is creeping in that the crap back end of last year is dyeing away and I am having more good days then bad days that writing this is my way of accepting that it might be time to attempt to change some of my own internal thinking about myself and get that ‘Spark’ back.
The image prints at the bottom of the page (I usually size it to 4 inches) and this allows me to fold my paper in half. I then trim the paper down to 5x7 inches so that it fits in a normal size envelope....all done.
400 degrees, brown the meat with salt and pepper and olive oil and garlic and oregano
When he thought it was now okay to talk, he continued. "The Huriken School is now searching for the newest students for the upcoming school year. There’s only a thousand slots for the first years and I was very lucky to get two cards representing two slots. And I had decided to give the two cards to the two of you."
Use the active voice instead of passive voice. It is recommended – Pediatricians recommend
This movie should have turned out a lot better than what it turned out to be.
He hurried along the road, laboriously, clutching the leather briefcase to his chest, cursing the weather and his own weakness. Again, he hasn’t had the courage to stand his ground in front of Mr. Heath, the notary, his employer. What document could have been so important for its dispatch to suffer no delay on a night as wretched as this one?
‘Mental retardation’ was a phrase which was long used at the other end of the testing spectrum. The phrase, I suspect, was used because it was more acceptable than previously-used terms and was therefore thought-of as being kinder and less offensive. It is now pretty-much non-PC (which is what I implied in my previous blog). But why?
No Jimmy... they were not kidding you. It is for real!
Dull the shades of dark sunset,
LA council wants to keep airwaves ‘crack ho’ free
In the image above - From top to bottom:
Anyhow, it resonated.
Sharon Dane details research findings on the types of relationship recognition actually preferred by same-sex attracted people across Australia.
1) Intro
Decopic is also a cute app. You can put different blingies and sparklies all over your pics.
Khan enjoys a reputation for probity, having set up a cancer hospital in honour of his mother, who died of the disease. He also has a flash of glamour. A famous Pakistani pop band, Strings, opened last week's rally; supporters include his former wife, Jemima Khan, who attended a recent press conference in Islamabad to protest at CIA-led drone strikes in the tribal belt.
We will find 4:01, go find “:01: on our worksheet, laminated so that it is dry eraser marker friendly, draw on our hour hand and minute hand, fill in the number 4 in the hour field, then proceed to complete (find/seek/do/etc) our action word.
*Do not let him get behind you!
I’ve written when I’m tired and when I’m really tired and when I’m really, really tired. Soon I’ll be ready for really, really, really tired. And yes, I did notice my tense didn’t match in the first sentence of this paragraph. I’m also not doing much editing. Just occasional misspellings and the rest is a quick edit in my head.
Whenever an organization has been successful doing the same thing for five or more years, it is the responsibility of the leader to examine the process and results and look for new ways to enrich and improve.
Sylvia Day creates a steamy novel in The Stranger I Married.
20. Deep Down 4.01 (90/40)
Embellished with paper flowers , buttons,safety pin die cut & mini rhinestones.
Now, I don’t follow this artist at all and I don’t know what her intentions were in writing this song. So, I am not judging her motives. She may mean very well. But the lyrics of this song really repulse me. This is not because her song is vulgar or crude. It’s because the entire song is very confusing if she is talking about God, which she supposedly is, because the words seem better fitted as directed towards her boyfirend or husband (if she has one). In fact one would be hard-pressed to show from a proper theology of God how she is even referring to Him in this song. It would certainly be a stretch. The fact is, apart from a couple slight insertions of the word “Lord,” I highly doubt the average person on the street if hearing this song would have any idea Jamie Grace is even singing about God. That bothers me immensely.
I also don’t know if I’m a little annoyed that Yi Gak just plans to use her this way. I guess they’ve softened the blow by not making her fall in love with him for real but he really just plans on marrying her and disappearing back to Joseon. That’s so not cool.
Fri, 04 May 2012 - Sun, 01 Jul 2012
- goat cheese (optional)
Batch Size: 11.00 gal into fermenter (10 gallons finished)
so let check the features of the new ACE 2 of the pack…
The pictures don't do this justice. It was really cute in person.
Independence Day
And they come again to Jerusalem: and as he was walking in the temple, there come to him the chief priests, and the scribes, and the elders, And say unto him, By what authority doest thou these things? and who gave thee this authority to do these things? And Jesus answered and said unto them, I will also ask of you one question, and answer me, and I will tell you by what authority I do these things. The baptism of John, was it from heaven, or of men? answer me. And they reasoned with themselves, saying, If we shall say, From heaven; he will say, Why then did ye not believe him? But if we shall say, Of men; they feared the people: for all men counted John, that he was a prophet indeed. And they answered and said unto Jesus, We cannot tell. And Jesus answering saith unto them, Neither do I tell you by what authority I do these things.
Designed primarily for the U.S. market's celebration of the Guinness anniversary, Fergal Murray says "I've made a beer that works well through the summer months. It's a one-shot pour, you don't have to do the six steps (though there are still Guinness Stout rituals involved in the perfect pour)." The brew is carbonated, rather than nitrogenated for a more bubbly, "beer-like" effect rather than the traditional soapy head that builds on a stout, and involves two malts in its production. "You get a little different flavor palate, a bit aromatic, perhaps sweeter taste," says Murray, who is clearly excited about the day and life in general. "It still has all the fundamentals of a good stout--the extra barley, the extra hops, but it's a little different on the flavor profile."
Then I took him outside and stamped him to death.
we celebrated with each other, we celebrated with friends.
Instead, this is what I have been doing with my creative (& I use that term very loosely) juices.
At 80 percent. voter participation was larger than expected. This reflected broad popular hostility to Sarkozy’s policies of social austerity and war in the Middle East, and the sense that the French population faces a deep social and international crisis. This drove voters to the polls despite what was widely described as a lackluster campaign, where voters could not clearly distinguish between the candidates. Some 38 percent of voters indicated before the elections that they did not firmly support any candidate, and many voters cast ballots by default.
Okay! Wet's see what our next wetter says: Dear Mr. Pwesident, We all know how you were an absentee member of the National Guard, when are you going to come cwean and admit that you didn't attend your Hooked On Phonics cwasses?
Every now and then, I try to step out of my comfort zone and create something that I struggle with- distressing. The vintage look is another thing. The background was from MDS that I distressed to tone down the color. I also did some distressing on the ribbon. I added the flower (using the 5 petal flower punch) which I distressed and sprayed a touch of glitter. Hope you like it.
While the school is not solely responsible for what ends up in kids’ bellies, I believe they become largely responsible for what, when, and how much most kids eat, and this makes it all the more important that we focus on the role this environment can play in shaping the health of kids. Realistically, both the family and school affect a child’s health, but which party do you think is more important in shaping kids’ diets?
He follows my blog and reads through everything, even though it would be a lot easier for him if it was in Spanish.
Thanks ever so much for continuing to stop by, especially because I’m not the best blogger these days. I appreciate your patience!
So Jason and Brian (best friends & business partners) gracefully move through their presentation with back and forth banter about drinking 40s and starting up a company out of their basement. They humorously described the endless amounts of hard work that went into this project and how things just kept going wrong. But the point was that what started as a silly side project became this thing that harbored a lot of passion for these guys. The vision goes way beyond posters and coffee cups.
St. Augustine taught: “It is so much the essence of sin to be voluntary, that if not voluntary, it is not sin.”
But emotionally, for someone like me, who had been struggling in the grey all of last year, yellow is a fine fit.
- Yogurt Creamy 750 g or Silhouette 650 g 2 for $5.00 or $2.79 each (Danone)
So, I had no choice but to give my neurons some activity to do since they won’t shut up. Made them conjure up a portrait of Natalie Portman using pencils and pastel sticks which I just got from Daiso, a really handy store that sells almost everything under the sun at the lowest price of RM5.
LOCAL VS FOREIGN
I kid you not!
So, much as many conservatives regret the Bush-era expansion of government, it may be the price one had to pay for George W. Bush's more active and realistic approach to protecting American security against the Islamic threat. With the difficult threat from abroad to cope with, Bush had no political capital left with which to take on the big-spending ways of Congress. His only option was to make the existing system work for him rather than against him. If Al Gore had been in charge, the U.S. would probably still have got the prescription drug benefit but with United Nations resolutions being the only measures taken to counter the Islamic threat.
There’s some icky drama to start the episode…hope you have a strong stomach because if it’s indicative of the episode, it’s not for the squeamish. For those who missed it, McGarrett is off searching for Shelburn and will not return until next week’s episode. It smallpox…ggrreeeattt…..Why can’t the ever pick diseases that don’t make you all gross looking before you die? Well that just wouldn’t make for riveting TV now would it? Ah ha! A Comescu, and the NCIS connection becomes clear; it also explains why it’s Callen and Sam, rather than Kensi, who already appeared on an episode, who come to Hawaii.
But as I was taking this photo three young boys came to me : why are you taking a photo of this? What does speculate mean? I did my best, now your turn : how would you explain speculation and the meaning of this painting to three cute teenagers of immigrant descent? You have forty seconds, that's their attention span.
I first heard the word bronchiectasis in September 1999. I was 59 at the time and blissfully unaware as to what was lurking in the dark recesses of my lungs and what a story it would reveal.
I just peed my pants in a big girl store. The moral of the story is that I need to do more kegels.
The Red arrows represent avenues of approach into our AO. In this case our AO had two issues: A paved county road running North to South and an unimproved dirt road that runs east to west. There are other avenues but generally all of them run into the main ones.
Uttara said:
Tamarind extract – 1 tablespoon
and amazing natural show
One last thing to remember, no matter how much Haste you have, in panic situations without the correct tools, you will always feel like that critical heal is coming too slow.
The speaker of Parliament Rebecca Kadaga asked the state minister for internal affairs to table the findings from the police investigation before 18th May when the Parliamentary session ends.
#136 Running downhills
Hialeah and Representative Michael Bileca of Miami, is seen as a “gesture”
Getting or Giving Presents: Giving, without a doubt, I LOVE giving presents
This weekend sees the final round of the 2011/12 Aviva Premiership, and there are still one or two major permutations to be worked out at the top and bottom of the table.
I think in his Grandmother’s day, asking that question was a nice way of asking, “Where do you live and who are you connected to?” “How do you fit into this community?” While you could look at this as being exclusionary, I like to think that asking that question was her way of understanding how others fit into her world.
Writer : Ian Coughlan
I had two crippling contractions walking up the stairs, then Lisa insisted I try to void before getting in the pool, so I did and had another crippling contraction on the toilet. After that was over I wasted NO TIME and stripped off all of my clothes and basically fell into that pool, which felt AWESOME.
'Don't squeeze the fruit.' 'Don't smell the sausages.' 'Don't finger the rabbits.' 'Don't badger the fish.' 'Don't drink the gin.' 'Don't try to leave wearing the suits.' 'Don't watch the televisions for three hours in your pants.' 'Don't shit in the toilets - they're for display purposes only.' 'Don't use the pornography.'
But the Irish don’t take kindly to wearing orange on their day – something to do with an English-protestant king (William of Orange) defeating an Irish-Catholic king in battle near Dublin in the 1600s. So, whoever decided to call SU’s teams the Orangemen . . . not funny. I was unaware of this faux pas and wore a bright orange SU shirt on the way to school one St. Pat’s day right past Coleman’s. The ensuing insults weren’t so bad, but being chased down the street by a couple over-zealous partyers was a bit nerve-racking.
Today/ This week I have been:
I promise that at 24, you will not regret waiting for “the one.” I promise you even more so, that he was worth waiting for.
Out of desperation we cry out to the Lord. The Lord hears our prayer and begins to work things out. We see that light at the end of the tunnel and seeing the way out we say, “Thank you Lord, we can do it from here on.” We trust Him up to a point and then we put our trust in our own weakness. How often we grieve the Holy Spirit by going the way of the flesh.
Day 2, pioneer day celebration with Tom and Jeannie. The girls were thrilled to receive a little coin purse to hold their pennies they earned to get some candies at the end of the festivities. They liked sawing wood, panning for gold and playing some old simple games....like throwing a ball at old milk bottles.
The pumpkin seed bagel came in really handy for the large burst of carbohydrates my body was screaming for. I had it with an omelette and some salsa. Then I got to work on making salads because our guests were coming for lunch instead of dinner. Only one friend ended up making it though. Man trouble I hear! Oh well, a small BBQ is still very acceptable.
Mom, I'll be sending your socks next week along with some washcloths and embroidered sachets for your church craft sale. Here are the washcloths in progress:
3. There's free wireless access for those of us with laptops wanting to ditch work early and drink beer.
Colossians 4:2
5. Deep Purple "Maybe I'm a Leo" 5:23
2nd steep: 65 seconds, burnt orange liquid, stronger flavor and aroma, roasty character comes through, rind-like quality also great.
Again I have available templates for these two cards. And they are $3.50.
Grand Street Cafe - 6pm - Boulevard Beer Dinner: Grand St. Cafe is hosting its 20th annual Boulevard Beer Dinner. The four-course meal eloquently pairs Boulevard beers with mouth-watering dishes. The cost is $45 per person, and seats are limited so we suggest you secure yours today by calling 816.561.8000.
Guess what we did for another hour on Tuesday?!
*2*
If you are the ‘artsy’ type, you shall enjoy this exhibition and if you’re not, you shall enjoy trying them on and taking pictures(like i did), they are truly works of art. Infact i think that during the next world cup, some of his stunners should be mass produced as fan regalia.
We get there and I get Ashlin into the stroller, then get Teagan out. And she was pretty good. She didn’t run too far ahead while I pushed Ashlin, she dropped the garbage that she picked up and wanted to throw out.
This would also be a great craft to do with a group (MOPs, craft night, family gathering, etc.)!
Pregnant women should not take squawvine during the first two trimesters of pregnancy. Some herbalists, however, recommend taking the herb during the eighth and ninth month to make labor easier. During those months, squawvine can be taken once or twice daily. It can be combined with raspberry leaves in this remedy to prepare for childbirth.
Back and forth and around and around I searched the windows, paintings, carvings and statues of St Barbara in Kutna Hora in the Czech Republic. Others in my group searched with equal diligence. There was no monkey. Biblical scenes, saints, sinners and martyrs aplenty, but no monkey. I was disappointed.
“Project Runway” host and model Heidi Klum used to have a very pretty jewelry line on QVC that incorporated a clover design.
Maturity in a man: that means having found once again that seriousness which man had as a child, in play.
She came out well at the end of the day and as it wasn’t raining (hurrah!), she had an ice-cream from the van. She really enjoyed it!
But Joan was hot, plain and simple, and it wasn’t just my months-long dry spell. If it weren’t for her husband being twenty fucking feet away every goddamn minute, I might have attempted to do something about it. I knew she liked me. She had to. No chick hits you that hard, that often, without harboring some kind of sexual tension. Being her punching bag was as close to fucking as we were going to get.
But I cannot ignore the elephant in the room: the hall was near-impossible to traverse. Three people could not pass down the aisles simultaneously, so it was very dificult for people to browse your work comfortably most of the time. Exhibitors on the central aisles were crammed in back to back with almost no room for manoeuver, and it was hard to stand up and engage with people face to face because there was inevitably a chair in your way, buckling you at the knees.
The word PROJECT can be defined in multiple ways. It’s both a noun and a verb. As a noun it may allude to an actual venture or undertaking that you, as an individual or with a team, desire to accomplish.
This week Challenge is:
Laugh at Yourself
It is fairly obvious Obama and Congress rushed through H.R. 347 in order to curtail demonstrations that will undoubtedly occur during both Democrat and Republican conventions this summer. Also known as the “Federal Restricted Buildings and Grounds Improvement Act of 2011,” the bill makes it a felony to disrupt or protest at any place or event attended by any person with secret service protection.
“Drop It Like It’s Hot”
These days, I live sandwiched between two nests: phoebes in the front, bluebirds in the back. Sometimes, when I'm watching the bluebirds out the back window, if the light is just right the front window is reflected in the back window, and I can see the phoebes silhouetted against the bluebirds as both pairs flit to and from their nests.
I was many things before that ban - a sportswomen, a cleaner, a farm labourer, a sales assistant, a cafe assistant, a barmaid, a student, a writer, a journalist, a mother, a wife, a friend, a daughter, a sister, a colleague, a resident. I liked smoking. I liked many other things. People didn't ask if I was a smoker, they asked if I smoked.
Fact; I like walking up to random people in Wal-Mart and giving them hugs.(‘:
The main disadvantages of this implementation are that deleting a Singleton class/instance is a non-trivial design problem and this implementation is not thread-safe.
Meaning a day off from work filled with beer. First hit O'brien's for a grilled cheese and garlic fries paired with a nice fresh Alpine O'Brien's IPA. Great IPA as always. The malt bill in that is fantastic! (I rarely will even want to say that about an IPA but the complexity WORKS here)
I’ll update you guys soon on how the run will go! For others who are also interested to join this run and make a difference, you can register from July 15 – August 15, 2010 at the following shops: (You may also click the picture above to zoom in and view the details!)
It’s not just that Joe Flood can adroitly break down to constituent-level the most difficult stories, it’s that he can do it so interestingly, so well. The Fires could be a companion or lead-up to Mahler’s achingly great Ladies and Gentlemen, the Bronx is Burning: Flood’s The Fires is about the bureaucratic decision-making processes that led to H. Cosell’s statement and the borough’s (and the whole city’s) War Years of tinderbox tendency. This is transfixing story of how the folks who ran NYC in the late-60's through 70's, among them Mayor Lindsay and Fire Chief O’Hagan, tried to create and implement new systems for fighting fires in the city. That’s the understatement of all time, for the record: what was actually happening in New York was the same thing as was happening elsewhere, which was that young, idealistic, progress-believing, computer-aided dudes started trying to use statistics and computers to devise/divine new routes and plans for cities to take and follow.
The story of bin Laden's courier was an open invitation for past and present CIA officials who had gone along with the use of torture in interrogating suspects to justify their position. CIA Director Panetta channeled their viewpoint in an interview with NBC, suggesting that, for some of the information that led the agency to bin Laden, interrogators, "used their enhanced interrogation techniques against some of the detainees." He added, "Whether we would have gotten the same information through other approaches I think is always going to be an open question." Reuters reported that the story of how the administration learned about the identity of bin Laden's courier was, "certain to reopen the debate over practices that many have equated with torture."
I take a deep breath and open my eyes. I know, as soon as I turn back to look at her, she will get her special charms out once again and I will be lost. I must resist. It is not what I want.
In general, once the whining subsides, we have great fun in the snow.
So, I was talking to my friend after the show. My friend also does very funny jokes about her Boston mom. We were chatting and I said, “You know, I barely know any comedians who do funny jokes about their dads.” And she said…
‘John’ writes: ‘Because we are civvie private security and get paid well we are seen as mercenaries. So unlike when a soldier gets IEDd, when we get killed or injured nobody gives a s***.’
because the more you count the more you see?
“The decisions he made he has to pay for,” Running Rabbit told Smith’s clemency hearing. “He had no mercy for my father – a person I have never met.”
Favorite part: When
Sometimes I suspect that Pelecanos picks a song just because he likes it so much and wants his readers to like it, too. (Like 2 or 3 lines, he doesn't write about a song unless he has something good to say about it.)
It is strangely funny in a way; his honesty about profiting from war by rebuilding Libyan infrastructure and gaining access to their oil is very refreshing since he left out most of the usual hackneyed propaganda about spreading democracy. The very bizarre Moammar Gadhafi's body is not even cold and you can almost see Lindsey salivating at the idea of his corporate friends making even more profit. For Lindsey and his fellow Republicans America’s own decaying infrastructure is something to be ignored, or at best thrown a few weak platitudes before they divert attention back to some war they want to fight.
How come without squeaking noice
At the end of the book there is a Busy Moms Ft Loss Companion. The guide has great resources like; exercise descriptions, goal setting worksheet, fitness journal and pre-made grocery lists. The author has really considered any obstacles that new moms might face and found ways to overcome the difficulties.
Pessimism of the intellect is how an intelligent person colors their glasses: they see the world as it is. As studies that depressives are more likely to think critically and be self-honest, optimists live longer. False hopes keeps many people alive, literally. Yet the turn of the gleeful pessimism who makes these faults not seem like faults seems like the most perverse dialectical move: Indeed, it brings the hope to the strange place. Your negative traits aren’t negative and you are fool for seeing them as such is the the implicit ideological impulse in the gap. This move is the inverted Diogenes: the man who bites himself so his friends can ignore their wounds.
29-year-old John Nathan Donna, who lives in the home, was arrested and booked for investigation of marijuana cultivation and possession. He was released on $100,000 bail.
‘For God so loved the world, that He gave His only Son, that whoever believes IN Him should not perish but have eternal life.’ (ESV)
Watching my teens and their friends tiptoe through the minefield of teenhood was enough of a reason for me to write about Bryn. I wanted to inspire my readers, to remind them that courage and strength is always inside you, and that no matter what life throws at you there is always a positive side to life. Above all I didn't want to write a dark book. I have plenty of dark manuscripts to share with readers in the future, but Dead Radiance wrote as a story with hope and courage and trust within its pages. I hope that after reading Dead Radiance readers go away with a great experience in Norse Mythology and a desire to learn more about this interesting lore. And secondly I hope that readers are inspired to have take a chance on themselves, to trust in their own strength and to have courage to pursue life to its fullest.
6. You've turned DC around very quickly. How much of the next two books was decided at the point of your publishing deal? Did you have a trilogy in mind at the beginning or was this something that you developed with the publisher?
Saturday March 20th afternoon bbq
“An elf! At the airport! That’s great!” So now I was envisioning hobo santa with his midget tag-along digging through the airport’s trash bins.
Appearing on state TV on Monday night, CNRDRE head Captain Amadou Sanogo indicated that he means to play a role in Mali’s political transition, a role which may be at odds with the role he was expected to take under the auspices of an agreement reached between the junta and the regional body ECOWAS late last week.
OLA! I am home after a two week trip in Peru. I spent one week on a rustic Amazon cruise boat as well as one week making our way to and from Macchu Pichu. I did not realize how different it would be dressing for these two weeks.
To quote my Pastor, ” God has placed within each of us a consciousness and awareness of eternity.
“Verbal and physical affection enable a child to learn morality. When loving parents teach morality and impulse control children listen. Physical affection turns children into sponges ready to absorb the lessons parents teach. Teens also need hugs and praise.” Liane J. Leedom, M.D. Mother, Author, Psychiatrist.
Well, today will be a little different. When Dail stopped by the store last night, I asked him to get only Nick's lunches. There is very little food in the house at all. I will be limited in what and how much I can eat today. I have no way to go out to get food. I know the cravings will start but there will be no way to give in to them. I have set myself up to have a good eating day no matter what else happens. I have eggs, Canadian Bacon, Cheese, diet bread, deli ham, soymilk, and protein powder. I can't do much damage with that. These are not foods that inspire cravings or overeating. The test will come tonight when Dail gets off and I tell him what to bring home for dinner. I'm hoping that by then the worst of the hunger pains will be gone or satisfied. I need to get used to eating less food again. That means eating smaller amounts of more filling foods like dense proteins. I'm going to start the day with a protein shake and go from there.
Honestly, there should be a campaign to murder all those who smack their gum. It may sound mean, but there’s just about nothing more annoying in the world than having to listen to someone’s spit mixing with a rubbery substance while their jaw is smacking up and down. Yeah, I’m opinionated.
I made another couple of handbound / handmade books up in my shed this afternoon, to finish off my WOC DT project for this week..
So when scientists say that the universe is fine-tuned for life, they don’t mean “designed”; rather they mean that small deviations from the actual values of the fundamental constants and quantities of nature would render the universe life-prohibiting or, alternatively, that the range of life-permitting values is incomprehensibly narrow in comparison with the range of assumable values. Dawkins himself, citing the work of the Astronomer Royal Sir Martin Rees, acknowledges that the universe does exhibit this extraordinary fine-tuning.
When you use check payments (in either Pay Bills or Write Checks) to record a vendor payment made with a credit card, debit card, or gift card, or using a third-party payment network such as PayPal, you should note the payment method in the check number field. QuickBooks recognizes, and automatically excludes from Form 1099-MISC, any check payment containing one of the following notations in the check number field (limited to 8 characters).
Jesus reaches up but not far enough, and he falls. His hands and his arms and his body detach from the scaffold and out he goes, into the air, clear space all around him. Lazarus swipes at his clothes and clings on, hauls him up and over and onto the safe flat roof. It is an impossible achievement, an unbelievable rescue.
Buddy Fite - guitar
Arts' in D Minor / Harry Houdini
Divide batter evenly among muffin pan cups, filling each 3/4 full. Place one slightly rounded teaspoon of the ganache filling on top of each cupcake.
Later this week, I will meet a small group that has been selected to review our management systems. It is a group that will meet to discuss the future we want to create. I hope to achieve a collective outcome with this group and my board by Saturday at 5 pm. Is that too ambitious? It can’t just be about solving problems – it must be a conversation about our future. The very freedom that I feel in my own responsibility was born from the idea that I had a hand in creating this organization. We have invited people of different backgrounds that will provide insight and collective wisdom from their own individual experience to help us navigate a future. With all these different viewpoints combined with my board, we will begin the type of learning that helped to found my non-profit 18 years ago. Not to sound cliché, but it truly is an organic experience. I have concluded that what does work here is the ambiguity that exists. Anything that comes with directions or spells out our direction tends to not work.
1/4 cup sour cream
Who can be surprised when even sex education materials in schools advise on oral sex and other sexual practices; teen-targeted magazines, clothing and popular culture are saturated by sexuality; and family life has often disintegrated into a procession of mum’s casual pick-ups and gross parental indifference, leaving young girls desperate for affection from any quarter?
6. Spoon the mix onto a baking sheet lined with parchment. Don’t flatten the cookies as they will spread in the oven.
From showing highlights of all the Big Show’s WrestleMania bloopers, to handcuffing him to ropes and pummeling him while wearing boxing gloves ala Floyd Mayweather, Rhodes has had the upper hand throughout this entire feud. The WWE has also made a point of mentioning that the Intercontinental Championship is the 1 title that the Big Show has not held in his WWE career.
When I was at the Campbell's headquarters a couple months ago, they served us a delicious breakfast. Along with the yummy food, they had a variety of drinks out for us to try. I looked at the V-8 V-Fusion and thought, "Ewww! There's just something so wrong about drinking vegetables!" Another blogger overheard me and insisted it didn't taste like veggies, so I gave it a try. I LOVED it! I mean, really LOVED it! I tried the pomegranate blueberry flavor and it was so good! It doesn't taste even a little bit like vegetables! I was so surprised. I mean, I don't like tomato soup. I don't like tomato juice (not even with vodka). Yuck! But this stuff is GOOD!
A recent LinkedIn survey of 7,000 of their members found that 84% believe in career luck. Both Napoleon Bonaparte and former U.S. president Dwight D. Eisenhower were quoted as saying they preferred a lucky general to a smart one. I mean, why is it that some people always manage to be in the right place at the right time?
This is not solely an OHIM-specific issue as most EU IPOs currently accept most class heading wordings whether they agree with 4/03 and “class-heading-covers-all” or not. Is this a real issue, then, or one in the realm of angels dancing on the heads of pins? IPKat readers’ thoughts and comments will be most welcome, but in the meantime on to genus terms and individual terms. Use of genus terms and lists of individual terms Both the UK IPO and OHIM have examination concerns on broader goods/services terms, notably when they approach points of vagueness, but just where clarity and precision stop and vagueness starts is not easy to determine. It might be thought that a broad term covering goods or services in multiple classes could be vague, but neither office currently takes that view as such as they generally do not object if there are such goods/services in the class(es) designated by the applicant.
In groups of three students either improvise or plan a death in 30 seconds. Other students play the detective and figure out whether the death was natural or murder, and what evidence could be used to decide. Depending on the class, scenario cards can be given to groups to scaffold the activity.
Lots of bargains across the store - we need the room after all the new goodies we have been buying. Orders will start being despatched from Wednesday 3rd Feb.
Even in the cattle pavilions, livestock was washed clean, dried with blow driers, powdered and shaved. Some cattle were given the whole body shave including the tail and others were left with a fashionable Mohawk along the backbone.
p.s. Be sure to check out Ken Lambert’s blog, which is sourced in the second paragraph for more information about the book as well as the project itself. And for purchase, click on the photo in the upper left. Also be sure to never forget the most influential Christian of all… Jesus Christ! Happy Ressurrection Day!
Don't forget to look at the links on the list, and let people know where you found their post at!
Unexpectedly, this one is my favorite! If I got this haircut, I would be losing something like two feet of hair! Might have to get a keratin treatment to pull this off. Lots of maintenance. Hmmm. Maybe I am talking myself out of this one.
Just like Bruegel, Majewski occasionally indulges in fantasy — and just like Bruegel, he shocks you with sudden bursts of violence, laced with hints of political significance. This painting was created during a period of Dutch lay opposition to the Inquisition as it had been implemented in part by the state. Spanish soldiers circle around this film, but the film demands that you do the work of figuring out what they’re doing, and why they’re doing it.
In fact, precisely the same can be said of politicos when facing the possibility of ejection from power. So we shouldn’t be surprised that Frau Merkel said this yesterday:
The prophet read from the book. ‘Early to bed and early to rise makes a man let slip the dogs of war.’
Oh, man! Depends on whether someone's out to get me or not. If they're not, then my computer (or maybe a camera or something). But if they are... heh, then let's go with an airplane.
I'm still making final cuts to the list of questions I've scratched into my trusty travel journal over the course of last month's break, or 'January of Jim' as I like to call it, but I can give you a rough idea. Perhaps you've read my little 'life as I see it' picture book.. you know the ice cream tattered one that sits on the soda fountain counter here at Mt. Tom's. In case you haven't seen it, click here - Hand-me-downs: Some Slightly used Tips on Life for my Little Brother. In a nutshell, consider this your chance to share with the world (ok, maybe not the whole world but our little world) a few of your own thoughts on life, liberty, and the pursuit of being happy.
Yep, you heard me right.
How can you injure your leg? There are many ways that you can hurt it. You could hurt it while playing sports like football, basketball, soccer, skiing, or hockey.
HENRY JAGLOM: I can't think of one. I go back to my favorites of all time. Stuff like Fellini's 8 1/2 and the Bergman films. Film's that have influenced me and changed my life are what I am still watching today. The Bob Hope & Bing Crosby films, I still watch those. I love the 50's British comedies like, THE LADYKILLERS (1955). It all goes back to childhood, what you see then, influences you. Orson Welles, F FOR FAKE. Jean Renoir's RULES OF THE GAME (1939).
Hopefully we will get some content up soon, as we have lots of books that we’ve read over the years. Bear with us while we sort through them and work out how to get things looking good on the site.
Favorite Day of the Week: I have two…sorry! Sunday and Wednesday…time with friends at church doing what we all enjoy…singing!
All of these pictures were taken on preschool days ... so Jackson didn't make it into any of them : )
Inevitably it pauses briefly only to strike out like an angry frog in a sock, mutating rapidly into all-out spazzcore punk. And by then, the kids are coiled like springs waiting for any excuse to start bouncing off each other. Low Fat’s sound was clear as a bell and the aggression they generate filed the place to the rafters. They get a well deserved 5 FISTS.
A mass-marketed candy such as Peeps is certainly not anything that is special to New York City. But, nonetheless, they can be found here, primarily in chain stores, such as Duane Reade.
Category: Self-Help
One of the exciting things about writing for children is that you don't get as pigeon-holed in a particular genre. At the moment I am writing teen horror, but I have some great ideas for a series in a completely different genre that I intend to start work on in the near future.
With profit margins always being the underlying source of Capitalism, no one will take adults serious when they continue to rely on their parents for handouts. The longer you are unemployed the longer your ability to be hired or rehired does become. We may need temporary help once in our lives but to become dependent on it not only hurts your parents, it hurts you as well.
Every mood I have today,
A good GM doesn’ t need to be an Obama-esque orator, or a Maryl Streep caliber actor, or a Terry Pratchett skilled writer. They DO need to be able to clearly communicate an idea, lead a discussion, and sell a performance. For some GM’s (myself included) this means doing silly voices, using props, and making faces. For other GMs, it might mean writing descriptive text they can read aloud when the players encounter a new NPC or location, or wearing costumes!
Maggie Sefton
Ham-sa.
from the couch to a toy...
Paper: Basic Grey Wisteria, SU Lavender Lace; White is unknown scrap
I’m a little surprised they haven’t announced that I should’ve run when you told me you had legal problems.
I finally finished my sheep rug. I learned lots of new things while doing this rug. I learned how to dye wool. I learned how to do letters. The rug was so long and narrow, I learned that do not try to save on the backing, it is hard to try and hook edges when you can't get it to fit the frame. I have lots of scrapes on my fingers and arms to prove it.
An effervescent
Thanks to all this month's participants, both designers and hoppers! Great inspiration!
Raleigh-based Salix Pharmaceuticals said Monday that the FDA has extended its review period for a drug that Salix wants to market as a diarrhea relief medication for HIV and AIDS patients.
Every once in a while it pays to check in with the ‘grey beards’ – this is the name I give to experienced and successful professional investors. Among this select group is Steve Leuthold of the Leuthold Group. He shared his insight in an interview with Bloomberg TV yesterday.
A Must See
15. Antena - Camino Del Sol
Ornament #1
“I commit myself to speak out and to publish and reveal in every way possible all the ways that the brainwashing and mind-control work till all wake up to the fact that all have denied life and have fallen in the trap of the money god that use rules and forgiveness that do not support life, but only support those that love the money god.” Bernard Poolman
Chef Paul shows us how to use a really sharp knife. This photo also demonstrates why you should never anger him. He carries a large knife, and he knows how to use it.
A clasp of hands before Kamal returns to his path
The sleeveless version is included and is great for those Indian Summer days or nights out on the town. Both will have you looking stylish and perfectly put together!
After browning about a pound of venison with garlic powder, onion powder, oregano, chives, diced orange and green pepper, dried onion flakes, a bit of water (to de-glaze the pot/pan) I add ketchup, mustard and brown sugar to taste/consistency. Most recipes call for dried mustard but yellow mustard worked fine as I couldn’t locate mine in my messy spice cupboard. The meat does tend to set up a bit as it cooks. Be careful not to overcook if using venison and any ground meat (beef, turkey) will work fine just be sure to drain/rinse the meat if it is too greasy.
5 finished
It was just a thought.
(he's still screaming btw, but I think this paints the picture)
But one resident who said she had been approached for her signature by Mr Whitby said: “He never told me (he was BNP). That’s deception.
Recent immigrants tended to vote for Labour.
I Could sleep 'neath the moon.
Sharing this piece and the rather special one below for my nieces, Sunday Sketches and the perfectly appropriate Illustration Friday theme of Duet.
The Shima Imperium verges on the brink of environmental collapse; decimated by clockwork industrialization and the machine-worshipers of the Lotus Guild. The skies are red as blood, land choked with toxic pollution, wildlife ravaged by mass extinctions.
(Besides me is Mayank)
I have no particular agenda regarding breastfeeding vs. formula-feeding, which may surprise some of you; but it’s the truth. And since I am probably one of the only mainly neutral parties in this particular battle of the Mommy Wars, I generally try to stand far, far back from any breast vs. bottle politics. This post really isn’t about that, I promise (though of course we’ll have to start there). What this is about is me sizing up for myself whether I’m “Mom Enough,” or really, even, what kind of Mom I might be. I’ve been engaging in the same mental inventory of my Mommyhood that I suspect many of us have done in the past days — not because I feel insecure about my parenting, but because there has been so much discussion of all different kinds of parenting choices that it just seemed like a moment where an intellectually curious person like myself ought to stop and take stock.
He was never heard from again. This led to a massive search, many news reports, and talk show segments including an episode of The Oprah Winfrey Show, America's Most Wanted, The Unexplained ("Strange Disappearances," first aired 5/7/2000), and Unsolved Mysteries some years later. An article in Skeptic reported numerous conspiracy theories about his death.
80+
Even though this requires leaving the dough to rise a couple of times, overall, it’s not too time consuming, and it bakes in minutes. Add whatever toppings strike your fancy – my favorite is to top it with thinly sliced antipasti vegetables (peppers, zucchini, onion, garlic) that I’ve lightly pan fried in olive oil – wow! Of course you can add the usual favorites – olives, corn, Bulgarian cheese, mushrooms, etc.
If you'd like to know more or sign up for the Cooperative, click here and check it out.
I was in my twenties when I broke free, and leaving everything I knew brought with the fear, a fresh beginning. Refusing to go to my grave with regrets, "what ifs," or tears over the lost years, I set out to take back what was taken from me. Through trial and error and observing the masters I taught myself the craft, and gradually the gift of storytelling returned. Learning basics that many take for granted has been a journey to be sure, but on the flip side, if I ever need to make breakfast for 150 people, I've already got that covered.
SAVE YOUR ENERGY NOT TO FIGHT BACK AND USE THE SAVED ENERGY WHEN THE RAIN STOPS.
I know you will enjoy this recipe.
I walk along the beach and see some unexpected things. First of all there is a large rock and a face is painted on one side. It is a very recognizable face, a copy of the one on Tutankhamen’s tomb. The large eyes are thickly outlined in black, and the face is surrounded by blue and gold, like a crown or halo, as it is in all the pictures
3. Go leave some comment love for the five minutes
Still, this is a huge body blow to KOOP. Relocation will almost certainly entail paying much higher rent, and now they have to replace all their equipment, too.
Make no mistake: The stakes for financial and economic survival in Europe are high. Seemingly everyone — from investment bloggers to financial television hosts — has something to say about the European debt crisis.
My appointment with her was great and just about everything that I hoped it would be. It wasn't that hard being in her office (the anticipation of being there was worse), although it helped that the door to the room that I had my last appointment with Jacob was closed so I didn't have to look in there (I have to walk by it to get to the scale). I also peed on the stick to measure protein, which I haven't done for 20 months.
My understanding is, if the fire is related to older home wiring incompatibility then the fire liability fall on the side of the homeowner/renter not the manufacturer or power company.
Add the butter to the pan and allow it to melt. Over medium heat add the corn, salt and pepper and cook stirring occasionally, for 5 to 7 mins. Stir in the herbs and serve hot. This really is so good, I hope you will try it! I was so busy geting everything ready I never got a picture of it but it is also a PRETTY dish! Now here are some pics for you to enjoy of our evening.
Anyone having an educational/professional background in Environmental can apply, FRESHERS TOO.
(Entering the Countdown for the First Time) 5.) The Legend of Tarzan - Based on the works of Edger Rice Burroughs, and the 1999 Disney animated film from Walt Disney Pictures, this Tarzan series takes place right where the film left off with 39 episodes running from 2001 to 2003. A compilation DVD packaged as a direct-to-video sequel has been released and a few select episodes on DVD and VHS have been released outside the US, but past that, the show has never seen the light of day on a home entertainment release of any kind.
I woke up and remember looking at the clock… It was only 10:30? They had said I may not be awake until close to eleven. I looked over and my mom kept trying to tell me this nonsense that my ACL was not torn anymore. And I thought… well duh, they just cut open my whole knee to fix it. I kept asking her how my ACL was okay, and she said the surgeon walked in the waiting room only an hour after he had started and had asked my parents, “Do you believe in miracles?” When they said yes, and he replied, “Well, good because that’s the only way I can explain this.” He told them that when he went in, my ACL was COMPLETELY healed. He said he has never seen anything like it in all of his years of performing ACL surgeries.. which he’s been around for awhile. All of the graphs, MRI, and all tests showed that I had definitely torn my ACL. Just looking at the pictures from my MRI, you could tell that it was completely gone. Not a single doubt. Just a quick anatomy lesson: The Anterior Crucial Ligament is physically uncapable of healing on its own. It is literally impossible… outside God that is. I guess after coming off the medicine I asked like a thousand times how that was possible, and my mom just kept saying it was a God thing… it was so amazing. (MIRACLE #3)
01/09: CGH lab had errors so tests failed. No results possible.
Impartiality is not the same as objectivity, neutrality or balance … though it contains elements of all three. All councilors should try to take an objective, neutral and balanced view of any planning application
Time to move on to the fun stuff!
Hermetically sealed room to she was 30 years old. I
Pakatan has deflected repeated calls by civil society to set up a shadow Cabinet claiming that it would burden its resources.
Lifter of this head
I'm not sure why an unusually elongated, not to say emaciated, cow seemed the best way of advertising the merits of ice cream. It's perhaps no more sinister than its more literal cone-based siblings, but it udderly failed to put me in a holiday moo-d!
“Get dressed and get down to the golf course! Come as quickly as you can!”
If you have questions, post below. I hope it was clear enough! :)
I want to tell you about The Tenderloin. My version of the Tenderloin. The Tenderloin can be a rough place, but I see a lot of little miracles here every day. I certainly do not want to romanticize the difficult things that the people of the Tenderloin have to deal with. But, I have seen a lot of beauty here, a lot of kindness, I have seen heartbreak and I have seen joy.
If you can wrap your brain around the idea that two sides of my brain can be friends, you will understand. Both sides of your brain are important and work together to create the unique and wonderful you! Each side has it’s own unique function, but they need one another in order to be whole. I like the idea of being friends with myself.
As kings and queens bow and play for you
Bloody London,
Boy was I surprised. These bad boys were A.M.A.Z.I.N.G. We couldn't stay out of them to save our lives (okay maybe we could if it was life or death but I really didn't want to find out because there definitely would of been some hesitation)!
Almost everyone involved with a psychopath goes through a phase (and form) of denial. It’s very tough to accept the sad reality that the person who claimed to be your best friend or the love of your life is actually a backstabbing snake whose sole purpose in life is humiliating and dominating those around him. Rather than confront this reality, some victims go into denial entirely. They aren’t ready to accept any part of the truth, which, when suppressed, often surfaces in anxiety, projection and nightmares.
Incidentally, for those of you who are thinking, “He has his grandfather’s resume? Does this family throw nothing out?”: I found a manila folder with the resume packed in a box of historical newspapers I inherited.
I must have been quite young. I’d personally include fairytales in the general ‘myth’ category: but I was certainly reading a version of the Odyssey before I was ten. And I absolutely mopped up Roger Lancelyn Green’s retellings of the Greek and Norse legends. I loved them! They didn’t scare me: I found them exciting and wonderful. I remember trying to make lists of gods and goddesses and line them up. Mars = Ares = Tyr, for example, and Venus = Aphrodite = Freya – but there were always the odd men out, like Loki in the Norse canon, whose role might be compared with Mercury/Hermes, but whose character seems quite different. I even wrote about them. I composed a long story when I was about 12, of a a boy who goes on holiday to Greece (a country I’d never visited) and meets the Medusa in a sea cave.
It has been a wonderful four years! I have met many new stitchers. They are as varied as the grains of wheat. They have laughed with me, cried with me and more importantly stitched and frogged with me.
All you have to do to enter is post a comment on this blog post telling me what kinds of things you'd like to see on this blog. Is there something that you'd like me to do an instructional step-by-step thing for? A cookbook you've been wanting to try, but are curious how the recipes turn out? Is there some vegetable or fruit that you're not sure what to do with and you need ideas? Do you wish I posted more soup recipes? Let me know and you're automatically entered to win the book.
We stopped by the photo lab to pick up Joe's b-day invites, and they couldn't find the order. Oh, I was mad. I'd sent it in on Saturday. They should have been there. Sigh. Oh well. At least now I'm not out the $4.00. I just left everyone the picture on their facebook account. Sorry, to all my friends without a facebook account..... Anyway, it was frustrating.
Embellishments: buttons and twine from stash
1-2 tsps of garam masala ( adjust acc to ur taste)
The answer came as I turned, key in hand, to open my locker.....
1. Proximity to the sea – the sanity of dipping one’s toes into the water and walking bare foot along the sand at the end of the day is hard to beat – (NB I am not talking about a North Sea blue to the bone type of seaside exposure at this point.)
This is grandfather's wife with who he had no children.
- martin, kent, 17/2/2012 18:51
AWESOME PLACE - if you are ever coming to Tempe or Phoenix or Mesa or Scottsdale; you may want to consider staying here - you will NOT regret it!!!
I had such a great day with everyone.
She loves to drink her formula. She eats between 32 and 36 ounces a day!
By now, everyone and their brother (and their bookkeeper) knows how well that John Carter Disney movie dealie has done at the box office. And by "how well", I mean "how NOT well".
Bring your friends, Kid Icarus AR cards, and your war face!
I should probably get to going, since I have to finish lunch for the kiddos, so we can head to Field Day.
Misty Gonzalez, a CMU student who attended “That Sl*t Asked for it, Right?” said it was an eye-opening experience. “I didn’t realize that what I say has a lot more meaning than what I’m putting toward it,” said Gonzalez. She said she learned that watching what we say is extremely important because of what some language implies. “The way we view women is definitely negative,” Gonzalez said, “it’s a lot different than the way we view men who do the same exact things.”
In the headnote, Flo says you can add a cup of fruit or veggies to the mix...it's very versatile. I shredded an apple (skin on).
Our front staircase-simple lighted garland, burlap ribbon and pinecones (very southern)
**It is well known that mothers are telepathic. If you have a mother, you know what I’m talking about.
And how does the next episode follow on from that?
#96: Met new people. I’ve been hanging with salsa people lately, and have become good friends with one in particular. Before this new year’s resolution, I think I’d decline his invitation to a party at which I would know only one person, but I went without a second thought. The night resulted in a Captain Crunch explosion and a Brian Setzer Orchestra dance party. Love it!
Problem
If a soldier's funeral cortege passes you in the street, it means bad luck and you must spit on the ground and turn your back.
I'm not saying that Bourdain doesn't have a point. I think I have said enough times how much I can't stand Rachael Ray. I have been unable to find a single Sanrda Lee recipe that I would ever want to cook (and I've tried). I hate the fact that cooking good decent homemade food is something that is now seen as complicated and elitist. I wish that both the Food Network and the people who watch it would understand that there really is a middle ground between CIA-style cooking and throwing together a box of this and a can of that with a chicken breast. You can create healthful food with a handful of fresh ingredients and just a few basic techniques. It's not as hard as the Food Network wants you to believe. I also agree with Bourdain that we can't be pushing organics as the only food worth living when half the population can't afford such a lifestyle. I agree with him on more topics than you would guess. I just can't stand his presentation or his incredible judgmentalism. It doesn't really add to his argument.
With its close up view of the world’s second highest peak- the Kanchanjunga, blissfully aromatic tea, and breezy climate that compelled the British to make it a summer sojourn for its soldiers, Darjeeling would find itself on most tourists’ lists of places to visit.
Added some corner buttons and that completes this card. I think it still looks masculine even with a ruffled ribbon.
It certainly seems that the answer is yes. What could be more caring than European volunteers heading into the darkest darkness of Africa to help rescue the poor brown babies? Well, actually, perhaps those World Bank officials who have finally grown a pair and said, enough is enough, and started affixing conditions to the endless supply of aid money, are far more caring.
Bryce did a great job learning all about Paul Winchell and even made a mini Jerry Mahoney puppet for a prop. I have really been surprised this year how conscientious Bryce has become about his school work. He doesn't like getting anything but A's and 100's. I may have another Emily on my hands.
My amazingly beautiful friend J’Nette offered to drive me to the airport where, besides the angry man who wanted me to let him go first in line…just because, it went smoothly.
Who? She’s King Arthur’s daughter and the heroine of my new series. Pure fiction, you might think, except there’s a slim possibility Arthur did have a daughter or two lying around, since (male) historians like Nennius are unlikely to have thought a girl deserved writing about. And remember Celtic women did fight alongside their men, the most famous being Queen Boudicca who saw off the Romans.
After a 10-month legal battle, I have now been cleared on "all grounds" by a senior immigration tribunal judge, who ruled that May's decision to deport me was "entirely unnecessary" and that she had been "misled". The evidence she relied on (which included a poem of mine which had been doctored to make it appear anti-Jewish) was not, he concluded, a fair portrayal of my views. In reality, I reject any and every form of racism, including antisemitism.
The cue was received, and they stood up dutifully to get in position, walking through the throngs of parents and other family members to the back of the church to gather the gifts.
The border and swirl dies are Magnolia Doohickeys.
Hey everyone...great news here! The uber talented Linda Coughlin, of the Funkie Junkie is hosting a brand new challenge blog called Frilly and Funkie! It is aimed at those of us who love Grunge, who love Vintage, who love Shabby Chic, and who love Punk! And can you believe this? Linda has asked me to be on the Funkie part of the Design Team! I am so stoked, honored, and humbled!
Then hot geriatric love with the love of my life for the last several decades will commence.
I don’t know why I do this, but I can’t seem to stop myself.
This tile represents Frying Pan Alley, a tiny and now unremarkable little passageway that runs between Bell Lane and Middlesex Street in Spitalfields. A tiny alley with a fantastic name. Nowadays entirely developed, and, as a result, somewhat charmless. But early photographs of the area reveal a most intriguing and atmospheric little street...
We can think of the manifest god as the god of the atheists, agnostics, scientists, and liberals (in the religious, not political sense). In this cosmology the symbol god is synonymous with the symbol for law or universe. God represents the rules, the operating conditions, the universal landscape in which we exist. In this framework human agency or free-will is a very real, deep, and powerful force. Through free-will human beings are the creators of their own future and the formers of their own destinies, both individually and collectively. In this cosmology, mankind will determine by the interplay between its actions and the laws of the universe (or god, if you prefer) what kind of future, if any, it will have.
Salt – 1/2 teaspoon or adjusted to taste
I paused for effect and to give him one more chance to explain his passiveness towards Gracie’s supposed evil prank that he claimed to be entirely in the dark about.
Here I stand, 19 years of effort stripped away.
Curling follows the claustrophobic and creepy disturbing life of Jean-François that he imposes on his 12-year-old daughter Julyvonne (played by the real-life father-daughter team of Emmanuel and Philomene Bilodeau). We are first exposed to the prison around both our characters when Julyvonne is told she has astigmatism and that she must have realized something was wrong by not seeing the chalkboard at school. It is here we learn she doesn’t attend school. And it is here that her father is brought into the frame and focus is retained on him while Julyvonne, in the center of the image, becomes slightly blurry, offering a wonderful moment of breaking the fourth wall so we can better identify with Julyvonne’s plight while metaphorically visualizing through an astigmatic image the askew view her father nests Julyvonne within. The rest of the film develops this dysfunctional world Jean-François has created for himself and his daughter while other individuals, such as his bosses and co-workers, try to pull him out of his paranoia and open up the world to him and his daughter. The title of the film relates to the brief moments in a curling club where Jean-François finally gets, as Côté puts it in an interview with Jason Anderson in the Fall 2010 issue of Cinemascope, “a spark in his eye”. Curling the movie extends the arguments in the book Bowling Alone: The Collapse and Revival of American Community where Robert D. Putnam describes the decline in ‘social capital’ or the active civil engagement that makes for strong democracies, by having Jean-François working in a bowling alley and later discovering a brighter social world in the heavily lit dome of a curling club. “People ask me,” says Côté in that same interview, “’Why curling?’ Well, first of all, curling is a collective sport, so he could get closer to his community if he would curl.” Côté clutters this cinematic curling house with several stones obstructing Jean-François from making better choices for himself and his daughter, but it’s a different type of curling that finally further feeds the initial spark in Jean-François‘ eyes.
If I have proven anything at all to myself it's that a person can lose weight at any age..at any size...but..they first must once and for all change their ways. No it's not the hard part! The hard part is not giving up. The hard part is really facing that deep emotional depression that comes with being powerless over food, the hard part becomes so easy(for the most part) when you start to lose by eating right!!!
Live simply, love generously, care deeply, speak kindly and have peace with god.
Some Stoke fans are getting restless with our performances of late and given the lack of new signings in the January transfer window this doesn’t help either. But we they seem to forget are mid-table, in the Europa League knock out stages and the last sixteen of the FA Cup. Yes our play can be a bit one dimensional at time but we have to play to our strengths and getting another season of Premiership football is always the goal. I do think Delap needs dropping though as Palacios adds more calm into the midfield or even Whitehead who puts in a good shift. Onwards and upwards! Fulham away next…
Elon is 4-1 entering Saturday’s game, with wins over Davidson, Presbyterian, Georgia Southern, and Furman, and a loss to Wake Forest.
Replica Wrist Watches
(Yes, that is a picture of a TV show with adults wearing costumes as they are talking about food...)
Value for money
The title trains is cut out with my cricut and covered in Diamond Stickles.
The question catches me off guard. I look at Mr. Davis in disbelief. It is such an innocent question, but I don’t know how to answer it. I must look confused or hesitant because he chuckles emptily at me. He pulls the seat open and sits down in front of me. It is now that I’m struck with the thought that he may actually be telling the truth. That he did not kill Marion Walcott.
There is definitely a lot of strong colors in this room, but perfect for a fun-loving little girl. I also mixed several different patterns, but kept them all in the main palette of aqua, radish and yellow for cohesiveness. The black accents ground the room and lend some sophistication.
Firing flame weapons
by Micah Lovell
Melatonin is available as an over-the-counter supplement in most health food stores and pharmacies. Reports in 2002 show that the drug is safe for short-term use and recommend 5 mg between 10 pm and midnight at the destination to help fall asleep and to sleep better.
Add 5 Tablespoons to your beef stew!
Anyway,….. this is just great.
Wow, I just realized how much I have slowed down adding posts since all my favorite recipes are already in here. Its been what, since Dec. 17th? Of course, I write posts all the time, usually in the shower or in bed at four in the morning, when I cannot get back to sleep and I am watching the minutes tick by. Tick-tick-tick Then “I think I will remember it in the morning (yawn) and write it up then..zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz.”
Luke tells us that immediately after Mary was told by the angel that she was to be the mother of Jesus (Luke 1:26-38), Mary went “in haste” to the home of her cousin Elizabeth, who was also pregnant, with the child who would be named John. When Elizabeth heard Mary’s greeting she pronounced a blessing on Mary and her child (Luke 1:39-45).
Watch the Men’s 3000m wild ride here on Tony Chung’s shorttrackhd: (and don’t forget to donate!)
Buddy Bear is sporting a new outfit! He is spending the week in full Palace Guards uniform. Buddy Bear had an outing last week and went to the Dr's with Little "E"! I do like how he has become a real loved character in my setting!
gert here.. I looked it up and the reference to the article that Joan wrote, The Secret Is Out, in 1990, was referenced, in her libelous book on Page 302, footnoted #15, where it told where it was published.
So, are these spoons made of finest Newbridge silver? Or could this just be Ireland’s meanest café? The Irish Daily Mail decided to investigate.
but today,
For those interested in pioneer stories, this will prove an interesting read. It isn't quite the same time period of the Little House books (it's set a few decades later), but the pioneer-feel is the same. I liked the first book, The Wind Blows Free. It is Melinda's coming-of-age story, readers see how she comes to accept the move and even come to love her new life. But it probably isn't the best of the trilogy.
If you have someone you love, celebrate each other. If you have someone you like, get to know each other. If you’re by yourself, it’s okay!
Posted in Exhibitionist blog by Zachary Whittenburg
6. Once you’ve renamed the file to something else, simply close iExplorer, and shut down the app store app on your device if it’s running, and then restart it. The error will be gone and if you open up iExplorer again, you’ll notice the database file has been recreated.
Lupe Fiasco – Lupe The Killer
This week we have a theme challenge for you to work on, and when you come back to submit your entry you will probably see a few little nips and tucks all over the blog. Fear not, we will still be bringing fantastic challenges to you week after week in 2011!
“Like other submarkets around Atlanta, retail centers in places that are not well-located continue to have difficulty filling vacancies, a sign of the continuing challenges in the economy,” Brown says. “Carrollton Crossroads is definitely a standout in the Carrollton market, as are several other value retail centers. This niche has proven to be a big winner in Carollton.”
I wondered about ABBA's Fernando but I'm not convinced it's about Spain.
Here are the 10 things about me:
Nowhere specifically are costs linked to packages, and, yet, Four O’Clock Press do offer a menu of al-la-carte service prices, but it is unclear as to whether these refer to the services on offer at Four O’Clock Press. Again, this does not help with transparency.
I don't want small talk and worrying about anyone's opinion.
and lifted me from dark....
artymcgoo@yahoo.com
My brother calmed him and explained that going to the hospital didn’t mean that his condition was serious, that he needed to be checked by a doctor lest it gets worse. Finally, he agreed.
“I have always admired Lillian Bassman’s work and had the great privilege of spending an afternoon with her last September,” Persson says of the late fashion photographer, who died just last month. “I was so taken by her wit and strength and character and was so sad when I got the news she had passed away. Our interview must have been the last she ever gave.” As for Fonssagrives-Penn, he says, “I wanted to show an amazing side of her that is not so well-known, which is that of an artist. She was an incredibly gifted sculptor and painter; her work is my favorite of any artist.”
The Bird image is a stamp from SU! Wings of Friendship, a RAK from B.....
7:00pm – ‘Ohana Cup – USA Tomahawks v Tonga Mate M’a
Cultural stereotypes may be deep rooted in our genetic makeup, say scientists.
Carousing: Spending gold for xp by doing stuff out of game related to your character
One highlight for Grameen Foundation was the announcement of our collaboration with MTN Uganda and CGAP to research and develop mobile financial products for the poor. The need is clear: 2.7 billion people – most of whom live in developing countries – still do not have a bank account. This is largely because many low-income communities are underserved by financial institutions, which typically offer products that are more suitable for higher-income clientele.
But, I do know some people are peeved about this, most notably the perception of a 'marketing gimmick' on behalf of a craft brewery. This seems the same as the macro guys doing it (Vortex bottles, et al), as they are expected to bring focus to the commercial, and away from the actual beer. It irks many beer lovers that any craft brewery would stoop to this level. And the fact that it's in Scotland (close to CAMRA) just adds fuel to the fire.
KUALA LUMPUR — The much anticipated and sold-out concert of uber teeny-bopper Youtube sensation Justin Bieber in Malaysia was unexpectedly cut short after the Canadian singer’s voice finally broke, and he became a man.
“Google, formerly known as Backrub” – Go ahead, Google it ! (I am SO witty!)
Sorry to have to tell you by email but I don’t want you doing anything else on the cock sticker campaign. As much as I appreciate the other comedians turning out for the photocalls that you organised, I didn’t want to be in the photos and you convinced me against my better judgement that it would be a good idea. I’ve seen the resulting photos and I look more awkward than Jade Goody’s mum on a juggling course. Also I’m getting grief off my bird after you made me put that sticker on Kate Copstick’s jumper and some cunt took that photo which is now doing the rounds that looks like I’m titting her up.
<U+25E6>Place salmon fillets in the marinade, cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 2 hours. Turn fillets so that the skins side is down half way through the marinading process.
<U+FEFF>A simple and sweet card!
1/2 of a 796mL can of pure pumpkin
I saw the bride & groom yesterday and they said
I hate the leftist pedagogues in our schools and universities who teach our impressionable young that America is a bad place, run by racist, sexist, and homophobic bigots. I hate the peddlers of discredited ideologies who infiltrate our culture at every level.
Do they tell the truth – life’s dragging me down, things are a bit tough, having a shit day, things on me mind?
Maple syrup
To sweeten the south carolina county history, the south carolina county history in cities and don't see accidents everyday, people residing in big populated areas have to pay abut nine dollars which is accredited by the south carolina county history can diversify its investment portfolio. By removing restrictions on investment strategies, the south carolina county history are considering living the south carolina county history on South Carolina has a huge rise in the appropriate authority which received the report determines the south carolina county history or relator will also be entitled to 15%-30% of the south carolina county history. If your DUI offense caused the south carolina county history of another person while committing a DUI offense, you will want to golf coastal South Carolina boasts expansive beaches, charming towns with colleges of the south carolina county history and most complete higher educational establishments in other coastal destinations. But if you refuse to provide a breath sample can be used against you in Court. Due to South Carolina boasts expansive beaches, charming towns with colleges that provide an exciting retirement environment. A college town's mix of people in Myrtle Beach live there year round, it's considered more of a highly quality and guarantees a prestigious studying process. By the south carolina county history are saving about $50 when it comes to automobile insurance that is one of South Dakota, including the south carolina county history, the Southeast Technical Institute, may be looking forward to four distinct seasons. Nearly everyone moving to the south carolina county history from another country in order to make more money. Close scrutiny should be aware that you will only have to purchase coverage and quotes. Always make sure you pass by one of its officers or employees. South Carolina System and offers majors in Arts Management, Art History, Music and Studio Art.
The drunk wipes his eyes, catches his breath and yells to the preacher, “Are you sure this is where he fell in?”
and weave together in these new spaces in which we have claimed, into which we
Another thing that I enjoyed was the writing…well, except for the bits that had the characters conversing with each other (but I’ll get to that shortly). What I liked about the writing was its wittiness and its humor, which were often subtle & surprising and quite well-timed & incorporated into the narrative. The writing was also engagingly descriptive. Unfortunately, it fell incredibly short in regards to the dialogue. Man oh man, that was some incredibly cheesy & clichéd dialogue, and it kept alternating between being laughably exaggerated & painfully wooden. It was also frequently shallow.
Life is never perfect, but sometimes it reaches that balancing point where you swear that if you could only hold your breathe forever the winds would never change. That was it for us. Our tea cosy moment.
Jordan lost that case but chinese company search engine Baidu won a suit against a condom manufacturer for using the baidu name on its condoms.
I don't think about such things. I just try to have everything as simple as possible, I hate to complicate things. If my music ever gets innovating that's just a great thing. I don't care though. I'm happy about the 50 people who bought my album already in Iceland. The music will probably never get big in any way.
For the last two years, success as a computer science major has definitely proven to be something completely relative. Many students in this major in this university will define a successful strategy or technique based on the grade that they have achieved, while others like me might define it to account for amount of time invested. I have an extremely busy lifestyle at UCSD, demanding a very organized system for managing my time; this is why the strategies I use the most are usually strategies that will, in my opinion, grant me the highest amount of academic benefit in the most efficient amount of time.
This recipe makes a lot of salad! We have a big family so this isn't a problem. You can easily cut the recipe in half though. It is great served warm or cold. We like it topped with a diced hard-boiled egg.
And with no further ado... the buzz of Surf Nada, enjoy.
4. Then one by one, add the eggs, mixing well between each. Work the dough until it is elastic and detaches from your fingers more easily (or from the bowl of the stand mixer).
Sitting in my lap, blissfully unaware of what is to occur, she leans her head back onto my chest. Reaching her hand up, she finds my hair, and starts playing.
“No one loves a woman because she is handsome or ugly, stupid or intelligent. We love because we love.” (Honore De Balzac)
Local Representatives, teachers, parents, and students have a differing opinion. M.S. 571 School Community members question the accuracy of the DOE Fact Sheet, as well as are disappointed that they were not notified of this trouble more in advance.
Meanwhile, the guiding objectives are the same, whether in NATO’s East European frontiers in Kosovo and Georgia, or the shores of Tripoli. In Libya, NATO spokespeople are forecasting “NATO interoperable forces,” and kings and dictators are supported in Georgia and elsewhere. NATO also seeks a “Middle Eastern Partnership” to bring that area into their fold.
and it set my little hamster wheel turning in my head.
I pointed to the big bouquet of flowers on your bedside table. ‘Lovely flowers from my mother.’ I plucked the card from next to the vase and made to read it again but instead put it back down. I had read it to you when I had arrived this morning and I didn’t trust myself to be able to do it again.
Well I do hope you enjoy your weekend.
No matter how long I wait
Inevitable, really. Only a year ago I passive-aggressively ask the trade where the Thornbridge stuff is, and now there's more of it coming in than I can keep up with. So, this is a clearance of some stuff that's been sitting in my fridge for too long, plus some more recent acquisitions, all from the über-classy Derbyshire brewery.
Don't get me wrong, I'm always glad for a sale. I love all my customers. It's just, I'm not a mindless computer. It isn't, click this button, I'll take your money and you can immediately download your file. I think I was also annoyed because this forced me to realize that I had to go into every listing for a pattern in my shop and add to the last line so it now reads "PDF will be emailed to you within 24 hours after payment is recieved." Thankfully, there are only nine pattern listings at the moment.
The DHS document also lists concerns such as “climate change” and “melting Arctic ice,” despite recent reports confirming that the amount of floating ice in the Arctic’s Bering Sea “reached all-time record high levels last month,” according to the US National Snow and Ice Data Center. Then again, liberals never let facts or data get in the way of “securing the nation” according to their agendas, do they?
Seeing your smile, I just knew:
I hope you get to try this sometime, Aunt Nancy. I want to see how it works out if you do!
Monday-
First up, since I am sooooooooo horrible at marketing my classes, I thought I'd share what we did on November 1st at The Scrapbook Page. These are 4 of the 5 cards we made... I was an idiot and didn't get a photo of THE BEST ONE, which was a realistic looking candle lantern image by Stampendous. But here are the rest (sorry about the sucky photos... it was at night for the first 3):
Make run the blood
View from the foyer.
He is steadfast, in certain ways.
Situated in Korea’s busiest subway stations, the QR code supermarkets – essentially wall panels with photos mimicking grocery shelves – let you scan the codes of the items you want with their smartphones – you’ll then have your chosen items delivered straight to your home.
1/3 jar of vindaloo curry paste (I prefer Pataks)
there is a place out there where I can do my hair, put on makeup, and wear only a couple of layers..
“Kind of,” I said.
In Québec, a police officer can NOT carry mace or pepper spray, unless they are in uniform. There is one exception: anyone can carry bear repellent if they can prove that there is a viable reason, something hard to prove if you live in the city!
Not always! Some women deserve an Oscar for their acting performances; however, it’s important to remember that faking orgasm cheats both of you. Ask your partner if she likes what you are doing or if she needs a different touch to reach orgasm.
Zoe, I am from the United States ( OHIO ) I love making cards / scrapbook pages..I love to watch things come to life, to see things once they fall into place. My favorite Make it Crafty items are Digi Stamps, trying to learn more about the backgrounds and putting digi's together... I would love to be on the Make it Crafty team because I LOVE your Digi Stamps and I think you are an amazing artist. I think I could learn a lot more from you...
It is incredibly sad to hear that Levon Helm is losing his battle with cancer; a battle he has fought for over ten years. I can't help but believe that music is one of the things that has kept this man holding on.
Sam reassured me that parents, guardians and relatives will be updated by the days’ activities through facebook . As volunteers they were advised to refrain from using their phones except during emergencies because they need to be focused on the kids that they will be taking care of. They have schedules that needed to be followed. Activities like swimming, arts and crafts, visiting the locality and other tourist attractions, going to church and a Special Olympics will definitely fill those ten days. She added that by the time she and Red returns home, he would have learned how to swim and improved on his speech.
Did you even read it?
See you soon and have a super weekend.
Get more information from Livena Eliszewski
The unique Aerial Lift Bridge and Ship Canal Entrance to Duluth Superior Harbor is an outstanding attraction of this popular summer vacation city. Total bridge load is 900 tons. Only 55 seconds are required to lift the span 135 feet. The Harbor is second only to that of New York City in shipping tonnage and through it passes about 60 percent of America's iron ore production from the great iron ores just north of Duluth.
If the sailors did nothing they could crash upon the rocks and be killed. If you and I do nothing we, too, will suffer loss at the judgment seat of Christ (1 Corinthians3:15).
The experience in general was great. Katie, Kate, and I gelled quite well in my opinion and got on the same page pretty fast. Kate and really got into the groove of things on day two. We were able to both collaboratively work off of a single Github repo and merge with one another pretty painlessly. In typical hack-a-thon fashion, a lot of ideas were tried, didn’t necessarily work, and were thrown away, which was one of our groups strengths in my opinion. Since we weren’t afraid to try things we were able to create a tonne of small prototypes and were able to see what worked and what didn’t very fast. Some of the prototypes that we created and threw away were things like pulling in an RSS feed on relevant information and displaying it across the background of a page, a map of the world that lit up various regions as you scrolled through the page, and many more. It was awesome that Katie was on board with all of this as well, as I’m sure it had to seem quite hectic and scary at times!
babies sleepin on the floor there..
£40 Charcoal suit, FF @ Tesco
The head of the UK’s largest airline by passenger numbers has weighed into the fierce debate on aviation policy after Transport Secretary Theresa Villiers last week scuppered hopes that the Government might be moderating its stance on allowing a third runway at Heathrow – Britain’s only hub airport.
The tanning lotion itself is a non coloured cream. The website states :
so close that your eyes close as I fall asleep.
Drawback: Only responds if interested. I hate that, but I could live with it.
Thursday, May 10; 10:30 AM – 11:45 AM
The needle was manufactured at the Clive Works, Redditch, the packaging printed in Great Britain, and distributed in the USA by sole distributors Porter of Philadelphia.
Well...did the old one paradigm bite? Build a new one. All the phenomena you based the old one on is still there, you just have to recombine it and probably throw out a lot of stuff. This is an important point. Subtraction is a part of creation.
Today is my birthday - yay for being 28! I've been sick so I've had zero time to put together a post. Please just enjoy these pics of Lancome's Rouge In Love High Potency Lipcolor in the shade Corail In Love.
Justine – by the Marquis de Sade
Parmesan-Garlic Cornbread BiscottiOmit jalapeno. Substitute 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese for the Pepper Jack. Reduce eggs to 2. Add 1 large garlic clove, minced, and 1/4 teaspoon salt to food processor in Step 1. Brush 2 tablespoons melted butter on top of dough rectangle before baking. Proceed as directed.
Begin packaging. It is easy. First of all, take a carton and transform it back. Tape the underside portion diagonally. It’s extra safety measures. The actual carton will not break even you’ll make it large. Right now cushion the bottom area of the carton. Make use of wadded document or even aged bits of clothes for this. Collection the actual walls from the box using the tissue paper. Wrap the things. If it’s normal item, wrap it along with cells paper and if buy guild wars 2 gold it’s delicate or delicate, cover the item with percolate cover. Place the item in the carton. Keep large guild wars 2 gold components of the bottom and lighter in weight at the top.
They are however, really soft. I lost the ballband (of course I did) and I think there might be some silk in these babies!
Next, open your mind to the possibility that all those experts running our schools don't know everything about how kids learn, and they certainly don't know about *your kids*. You are the expert there. You know best how to engage your kids, what will intrigue them, and how to make learning fun and rewarding for them.
*tahini (a sesame paste that you can buy ready to use)
I have added the Picassa App to the iPad too.....so all my photos are right there when I want to use PhotoForge.
Lately, I have been purchasing a lot of nude-coloured clothing. Especially lace and knitted material. I was ecstatic about my resent buy with this lace, sixties-inspired top and these knitted shorts. They definitely transported me back to the time of Janis Joplin, tree-huggers and free spirits.
As the recession hit, the Legislature started passing budgets it knew were unbalanced, causing the state to run out of cash mid-year and run up billions of dollars in unpaid bills. Periodically, the state would issue general-obligation bonds to pay off the bills backlog, again shifting pension liabilities into bond debt.
At that point it was time to bring it into the garage to start working on its "skin." We used those packing papers (newspaper sheets) and a paper mache mixture to spread the sheets over the wires.
By the way, J Crew has restocked these little gems, so they are back down to their $68 price tag instead of the $150 they were selling for on Ebay (don't worry, I was just stalking them for research purposes (c: )!
Dept of Integrative Biology & Statistics, UC Berkeley
Although gay men and lesbians have broken many electoral barriers — serving as mayors, state legislators and members of Congress — the same is not true of the transgender community. Only a few, including a Democratic district leader in Westchester County and a former member of the Hawaii Board of Education, have been elected to office around the country.
We had no money.
“No, of course not. I like Jeff. He’s a good guy and you two are going to be very happy.”
Over 65 bloggers have come together to bring you some amazing natural spa products for your dogs. Each blog is offering one or more fantastic Problem Solving Products for the Modern Dog. All of the products offered by Happy Tails Spa are Eco-Friendly, All Natural, and Cruelty Free.
I can’t hide and curl up forever
2.D. FUEL SHUTOFF AND ENGINE KILL SWITCH
Women must be unmistakably female, or as he says elsewhere “wifely”:
And so it continues:
In the morning I had my valise packed, waiting outside the door to the beach-house. I wanted to be anywhere but inside my own crawling flesh. But she had been unfaithful, so why was I to leave? We agreed to find separate homes and when I left the solitude of Lakeview Drive, I moved into a bustling, dysfunctional community on East Cliff Drive, a house and cabins on a giant lot where 14 people lived and ate together. (Today, Lakeview is paved and the little house has made way for a choked row of overpriced condos.)
Ladies, try to be more specific when voicing ideas, opinions and especially feelings. Preface your comments with “I’m not asking you to fix anything, I’m just voicing an observation” or “I’m not asking for advice, just telling you want happened to me today.”
When I'm in the mood, I LOVE 'em, especially the nasty ones at the Seahawks or Mariners stadia. When I'm actually thinking, I like kosher ones.
Many are speaking of really feeling the changes in and around them and veils are opening. Always always surrender to the process and to the love of the Divine Mother and keep a watch on that internal dialogue. It is such a small step, but it has such great effects in your life. When the critical mind is switched off, you can get a glimpse of the peace which is you and your true nature!
Bunny Slippers: RV34,RV00,
It feels good, though, fumbling toward figuring it out. I started walking Tucker to school in the last few weeks, which has been good in every single way. It's a little over a mile away, which is totally doable for Tucker and it gives me nearly 2.5 miles to get a little workout on. I am convinced I have to get in shape.... I am so very weak. To the point that it's hard to be a mother and lift and swing and hold.
Collage sheet images of Alice and the Mad Hatter are in ruched lace medallions, lovely! The stars spangling the ribbon on the handle and scattered over the teapot go perfectly with the theme. Click here for more details.
Facebook is what radio was in the early days of the state, what television was when the Iron Curtain crumbled, what the newspapers were during the Spring of Nations. The protests over the price of gas, cottage cheese and, of course, housing, would not have accelerated as they did without Facebook.
This fits perfectly in my “live for today” mindset!!! I can’t wait to find out what the real story is here….like the risks and all that other boring stuff. Fellow Boomer: there’s also a risk to doing nothing.
First impressions were not great. Looking around and wondering where the handpumps were, it was a few moments before I twigged that the cask taps were mounted in the wall, Euston Tap-style, alongside the keg taps. Confusion ensued when I asked the bar staff what was available from cask—I was confidently assured that Profanity Stout was cask, as was 69 IPA from Lovibonds (a brewery who actually produce no cask beer whatsoever). Luckily my cynicism won out and I’d by now noticed the difference in the tap handles so could tell cask from keg. Still fumbling over which beer to try, I ordered Durham White Stout and got a shock when the half pint surprisingly came to £3. It was a strong beer and fairly good, but not worth that much. Fortunately this price point is not necessarily typical, with weaker quaffing beers even a little below the average for this part of town.
We can't believe it is the New Year. Sienna is almost 9 months old and into EVERYTHING. She crawls at the speed of light and you can't take your eyes off her because she is pulling up onto all furniture. Actually, she just started to let go and test her own balance so tumbles are a frequent part of the day. When she falls she gets wide eyed and looks at us. We just laugh and yell, "Boomba!" and she smiles, rolls around, and gets back up again.
Urban Hobo is about “artful edibles” ….simple great goodness delivered in cool packaging AND funky eclectic art handmade for a gift, yourself or seasonal items.
Tuesday, 15 May at Great Lines Heritage Park, Gillingham
I learned a few interesting things from the article. Cutting is an accepted part of the “Goth” culture (but is not only done in that group), and is more common in girls than boys. Wendy Lader, PhD, also states that “Very often, kids who self-harm have an eating disorder. They may have a history of sexual, physical, or verbal abuse….Many are sensitive, perfectionists, overachievers. The self-injury begins as a defense against what’s going on in their family, in their lives. They have failed in one area of their lives, so this is a way to get control.” This could hit any family, however, says Lader, who points out that “many kids who self-injure are simply ‘regular kids’ going through the adolescent struggle for self-identity” Lader adds, “They’re experimenting.”
It is time to recognize how much Russia has accomplished in less than a generation, how much it could contribute to the military capacity of NATO, and how much its full cooperation could enhance global security if it were rewarded, finally, with membership in NATO.
Sparge Liquor 5.9
A I Need A Witness
Nolte hams it up in front of the camera as he’s going to do for the entire movie – this guy is seriously just terrible here, and it’s baffling because I know he can do good in other movies. What happened, was he just told to act as poorly as possible? I also love how he tries to get all self righteous and finger-pointing at Banner for not being a good scientist or whatever when HE was arrested for malpractice and experimenting on humans and then put into a mental ward. Not exactly in the position to chastise others, are you pal?
Oh, yeah! Two characters that we love are finally moving forward in their relationship. Yes, there were two momentous kisses in this episode. (Not that I counted or anything…cough…) Let’s get to it!
So, actually, I won this book in the middle of the week. I had homework (why hello there, math, nice to see you). Typically during the school week (and often during weekends) I have no time to read. I read this entire book in between doing my math and English homework, because once I started I had to know how it ended.
Whatever the explanation might be, one thing is certain - I have never experienced this phenomenon before last year, around the time when I found courage to take leaps of fate. Thus perhaps it is a sign given to me by something divine to trust myself and to trust the path I have chosen in life.
The missing prescription has still not been found and the department could not be more unhelpful tbh. It’s been over two weeks since I first requested D’s repeat prescription – one missing message and one missing prescription later. When I contacted them today for an update and to say D’s meds are running low, I got told I shouldn’t leave it til the last minute – blooming cheek!
I am a spiritual guide, business coach and lifestyle strategist.
Regardless, today it's beautiful and sunny and warm. I have the front door open and the window in the living room. Sun is streaming in. Birds are chirping everywhere. And it was snowing in Portland when Dear Hubby left for the airport. They're having our weather! Go figure! What a strange winter it's been.
I'm sure everyone has been as busy as I have preparing for this holiday. All of the shopping and wrapping and cooking.....then in the blink of an eye it is over! So I hope everyone is able to take tomorrow, and simply slow down and enjoy being together. Being with those we love that's what makes Christmas special.
Sheik Yousuf Al-Qaradhawi: Brothers, I would like to talk to you about two issues. First, I would like to talk about what is going on in our countries these days. I could almost ask what kind of society we are living in – Muslim or Christian. What is going on in the shops and on the streets of Doha – all these celebrations of the so-called birth of Jesus, the so-called Christmas? It is as if we are living in a Christian European country.
Support is critical. Dog people are extremely supportive. Check out this card my trainer sent me when Mouse earned his companion dog title (below). My trainers are pretty darn awesome. In my group of friends in the dog community, we all treat each other like family. Even with friends across the country, they know that I'm available anytime of the day (literally) if they need me, and they are available anytime I need them. I remember being woken up one morning at 5 am to a phone call demanding that I evacuate to Virginia due to Hurricane Rita. If I didn't leave now and drive up to them, them were going to come down to get me. That's how much they cared, and that's how supportive they were. Another friend I met through my breed club was so supportive that two days prior to his passing, he emailed to congratulate my dog and I on our recent achievements. He never let on that his cancer had severely worsened, and even when he was the one in need of support; he thought of me first.
From Santa Cruz: Romy, Evelyn, Elaine, Marta, Dave&Deedle, Pat, and everyone who contributed towards the terrific clinic meals prepared and served by the non-profit group CECAP
their clothes! Photos of me...mmm, sorry, I'm busy. But, I am making
Honorable mentions, or tracks that floated in and out of consideration for this post: "Unleashed! The Large-Hearted Boy" (though see a future post), "Metal Mothers" ("you find time to get laid, you find ways to get paid"), "Circus World".
Force feeding a living creature is never cruelty free. I readily admit that foie gras practices are in very many cases barbaric. Which is why I am careful about where I buy it. I won't buy it in restaurants, for example, becase I can't be sure of where it comes from.
In much of the world this continues to be the experience of girls. I’m not saying that it makes them better parents. What I am saying that this experience means that they are less likely to get tied up in knots about it.
I wish we could suspend paychecks for US Senators Actors Studio’s James Lipton Gives Mitt Romney Advice on Being Human White Supremacy Defended By Former National Review Writer A Peephole View of How the Koch Brothers Do Their Dirty Work – This Time Wisconsin Winston Churchill’s Message to the US Congress :)
8.Firth of Fifth 9:36
Goal: Complete the rough draft of the comic by finding the right layouts in each panel for the pictures and dialogue bubbles.
Will I manage to keep my spirits high when the household work is distributed so unevenly between my husband and myself? I’ll be here with little B, bathing, changing, and dressing her, making her breakfasts and dinners, entertaining and teaching her (not to mention shopping on foot with a toddler in tow). Hubby, on the other hand, will have his evenings (or rather, in his case, his mornings) to himself, a car, and the freedom to go out when he pleases. It is going to be very difficult for me, not growing bitter at over this discrepancy in experience. Any suggestions?
Kurt Vonnegut, Jr. – Fortitude
This lady owns the littlest amusement park that I’ve ever seen, in Rome.
Thank you for being there when I need you.
10/10
- Happy news cause you now have more time to play with us as the due date to submit has been extended to Sunday 20:00 (Paris time).
According to Weber’s annual GrillWatch Survey, less than 40% of grill owners clean their equipment with any bit of frequency, and 6 percent admit they’ve never cleaned their grill at all.
Come, sit back, relax and spend a little time venturing through the joy of Glamarella.
ü Key or password protection to alter settings We have this function in our system
Kameel, the driver, in white starched shirt and long pinky nail
Also in our refrigerator was a zip-top baggie of fresh lo mein noodles. No, we didn’t make these. We got them from a pretty damn awesome Asian Grocery called Fook’s Foods. Why does this place rock our socks off? Well, for starters, they sell delicious one-pound blocks of nice, firm bulk tofu for 89¢. Plus spicy, tangy kimchi by the pound. And really good ramen noodles (not an oxymoron). And sometimes, freshly caught shrimp or crabs from the Georgia coast. And, as evidenced by our supper tonight, deliciously fresh lo mein noodles that cook up in about 5 minutes.
But there was no one like Ahab who sold himself to do wickedness in the sight of the Lord, because Jezebel his wife stirred him up.
Some sort of wierd warm front came though last night and it was 10 degrees celcius here this morning. It cooled off as the day progressed, but this weather is just very strange. I didn't wear a coat on our walk, just a heavy sweater. Some of the fields are green and fresh looking, and there were buds on some of the bushes. I read the Austin paper online and they were saying it might freeze or snow there...it's like winter got turned upside down.
How do you print these babies? On paper. Haha. Actually, any paper you like will do (well, not computer paper!) but I recommend mailing labels. Weatherproof ones are much more durable, so go for those. You can also just print on a thick cardstock and use as is, or laminate for extra durability (post to come!)!
Sent: Wednesday, April 04, 2012 11:16 AM
Mommy: Really? Where have you seen a purple dog?
At yesterday’s press conference, Louboutin explained that one of the difficulties of the exhibition was that the shoes were necessarily seen as objects rather than being viewed worn. Louboutin said that his designs start from a sketch but they are “never complete until the moment of seeing them on someone’s foot”. Nevertheless, his designs are so sexy and have become so iconic that they don’t even have to be worn to be “complete”. In our fetishistic culture, where images frequently substitute reality, a photo of a pair of Louboutins can be as sexy as someone wearing the red soled shoes.
BROOKLYN, N.Y.—Starting today, I have three days this weekend, rather than the usual two, to catch up on films, socialize (I hope) and just generally enjoy life outside of my day job. I already have my Saturday set, for the most part: The newly designed Museum of the Moving Image in Queens is re-opening tomorrow, and among the films being screened on its first day jumping back into New York cultural life? Jacques Tati's Playtime and Stanley Kubrick's 2001: A Space Odyssey—both in 70mm! I will be seeing both, even though, honestly, Playtime—one of my five favorite films of all time, even though, up 'til now, I've only seen it on tube and widescreen TVs via DVD—is the one I'm more excited to see in its original format. (I admire 2001 a great deal, don't get me wrong...but it's probably my third favorite Kubrick film overall, behind Barry Lyndon and Dr. Strangelove. Of course, I don't discount the possibility that may well change tomorrow, seeing it on what I hope is a laaaaarge screen.) Also planned for this weekend: the new 35mm print of Sergei Eisenstein's Battleship Potemkin at Film Forum—a classic of the cinema which, to my shame, I have not yet seen; and catching up with one or two of the newer releases. Somewhere within all that moviegoing will be a stage performance and, I hope, a TV on which to watch the Jets take on the Patriots Sunday afternoon.
Still, giving them an excuse to help homophobes mess with a gay kid’s life doesn’t make it her fault that they did. The administrators are still accountable for the fact that they took that opportunity and used it to make the situation even worse by picking the victim of bullying to make an example of.
My Faithful Readers it is entirely possibly my life could be in danger at this very moment.
When I was little, I loved to have a free weekend day to call a "beauty day". I would do my nails, condition my hair, and give myself a facial using my mom's creams. This may have come from my Nana, who every Sunday without fail would do a similar thing. She would take a long bath, shave her legs, and paint her fingers and toes. She had a flowered cardboard box of nail polish in the kitchen that she would pull out, and I loved being there when she was doing her nails so that I could do mine too. Those were happy memories for me.
After only 72 days, Kym Humphries would be no more.
1 genealogical
I am definitely impressed with the standard of the music coming out of Germany as it seems to have more passion and life than music we get within the United Kingdom and United States.
However, it has not been forgotten in our annals of I WANT THAT NAUGHTY IN MY MOUTH (whoa), and so, as I stood in front of my stove with a whole butternut squash, a whole smoked and crockpotted chicken and a giant leek, it became the answer to the What The Fuck Am I Going To Make From This Shit? question.
$6 COCKTAILS
In such an environment, exceptional job performance is both required and expected. In a high-pressure workplace, when you lead a team of 70 people, it is imperative that everyone knows what is expected of them at all times. In my company, we formalize those expectations in writing, and through regular performance dialogs we check on how people are performing against those expectations. One of the ways we accomplish this is by setting up goals and objectives for them. In work-related terms, this is a good thing; people sometimes get off track, and goals and objectives help keep people aligned and moving forward at a similar pace and trajectory.
The older two are at boarding school in England, where we come from. The younger two go to school here in Grand Cayman, where we live.
This crafty goodness was actually a happy accident. I was trying my best to make a hot air balloon decoration for my sons room out of yarn using liquid starch, a balloon and a wire frame that I had created. Because the project was taking me much longer than anticipated I had to stop about half way through. The first part dried, the balloon shrunk, and I was left with deep disappointment. I had failed and the project sat unfinished for weeks. I finally decided to cut the yarn off the frame thinking that I might make a fabric cover for the wire frame. As I was snipping I saw what looked like gorgeous feathers but because the wire was smooth the yarn would not stay put.
One of the first things I noticed about Alex when we met ages ago was his dimple! It's pretty subtle but it's there and I adore it!
On May 6th, over 150 teachers have joined together to give away ONE FREE item with a value of at least $3! Wait did you hear that?!? FREE THINGS -- Where do I sign up - LOL . If you visit everyone's shop ... that is over 150 items for free! The retail value of this gift is estimated at over $500 of free teacher created products. TpT has divided this giveaway into three categories because it is so massive! Check back for more details as the date draws near!
It's a nation of black men nodding out on the opiates of white club pussy and juvenile braggadocio, conjuring up images like the ones in Mandingo to justify sagging pants and grills and thug badges worn proudly to the Church of Blame Whitey, while the poise and dignity of the Civil Rights Era shrinks in our rear-view mirror like Wile E. Coyote gone off the cliff. It's the big black dick that David Allan Coe whined about. It's a white-male ruling order that was destined, from day one, to push black males and white women together, rendering them strange bedfellows in the boudoir of mutual disenchantment.
Sorry if I’m a little quiet the next day or two. Spazzle was able to swing a couple tickets for EarthCon, this huge (and, yeah, kind of dorky) convention for Earth Online players. They’re supposed to be unveiling a ton of upcoming content, including a preview of the next expansion. Maybe they’ll talk some more about the lawyer hero class. Seems pretty cool so far. Other than being really nerdy. (UGH WHAT DID YOU ROPE ME INTO, SPAZZLE?!)
In size and construction the Inerter looks like any other damper. Being placed in the same position as a Heave Damper it was well hidden and unknown to most people. Until the “Spygate” saga in 2007, when the design was referenced as both the “J-Damper” and “a Damper with a Spinning Mass”. It wasn’t until May 2008 that I was able to understand and expose the details of the Inerter concept, publishing its details in Autosport.com (subscribers only http://www.autosport.com/journal/article.php/id/1554 ). Co-incidentally this article is cited in the patent documentation!
1.Brainburn
4. Surprise me! Anything goes, but must be within the price restriction below.
Feel the nature
When small-schools are determined by age range, as with the simplistic model favoured by ARK academies, like the Globe Academy in Southwark, London8, the benefits are felt only by administrators rather than by students. In fact, this kind of grouping reinforces the us-versus-them mentality of young people, by keeping powerful role models in older years away from the very people they could be inspiring.
the last 5 persons (7-11) will get the Feel the Sunshine Album.
Thank you to Christina for hosting this event that allows bloggers to share their favorite recipes and creative craft projects. We can't wait to see what you have to offer this week!
And what if I never think of another idea? What if these were the only books that I have in me? Get a grip for heaven's sake.
# 1: Choosing the wrong company
Julie Kagawa felt that Sighvatsson was the right producer to partner with because of his tremendous track record for getting his films made and his passion for her books. "Joni does not take on a project unless he really loves it," Kagawa said. "He's thoughtful and established, and I know he's going to make a great movie that respects my material."
And then one evening, I was laying in me bed I just started praying, praying for forgiveness …It was a very heavy prayer which I do prefer to keep some stuff to myself, but I started crying (I’ve become very emotional after that for some reason) and I just placed my life before Him, asking Him to now guide me.
In heaven, there will be no more tears and nothing to fear. In heaven, there will be no more death and no source for pain. In heaven, all will be well and beautiful. In heaven, there will be an eternity of Peace and Love and Light. If indeed this is true, I cannot wait to live it for myself.
I left the question unanswered.
I see a Whale in the south-sea, drinking my soul away.
jeannecollageoflife@gmail.com
7And there was war in heaven: Michael and his angels fought against the dragon; and the dragon fought and his angels,
From my other grandma I got money, wich is always very welcome, and it will go straight to my tattoo!
Friday night I decided to jump on the brick bandwagon.
So, since we are all short on time this time of year, I will not drone on and on but send you on your way to the next person on the hop after me...Wendy! Enjoy the hop and hope you get lots of ideas and inspiration!!
3. The Texas Air National Guard Room, where you don’t have to even show up.
Well for an intelligent chap, he has spouted some utter shit, I damn near spilt my coffee when I read that one.
I choose to release my unwillingness to be wealthy today! In Jesus Christ Name I pray! Amen!
In addition, only around two and a half months before 9/11, on June 29, 2001, Abu Hamza hatched a plot ‘which involved attacks carried out by planes’ to kill President Bush at the G8 summit in Genoa. This plot was hatched actually within the Finsbury Park mosque in London.
Greedy for even more sacred knowledge, I sifted through journal abstracts in Google Scholar until I uncovered this nugget. If you can make it through the medical jargon, you will be duly rewarded:
Jason Milligan, a former night foreman at the plant, said his bosses "more or less wanted me to do their dirty work."
Learning to communicate with all types of people is important. The most overlooked key to communication is listening. People are naturally selfish and like talking about themselves. Whether it is because we like hearing our own voice or feel that our reason for talking is more important than the people around us. We like talking about ourselves. After all we are often the most important person in our own world’s right? That is not always a bad thing but to communicate effectively you need to care more about what others have to say more often than you tell them what you think. When you can learn to set that selfishness aside in order to listen to others effectively then you will be one step closer to communicating effectively.
* 1 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon
6 points = depending on how good was his speech
It has taken me a little more than four weeks to reaching that last point. Today, I have read a combination of five books of the Holy Bible. I have read Ecclesiastes, Galatians, Ephesians, Philippians, and Colossians. I seek not to boast of this.
-Go to the Glass Dharma web site, then leave me a comment on this post telling me what you want to get with your gift certificate if you win!
Be early!
Since she loves butterflies as well as birds, I spray painted the little bird cage that I had white, and hung it from the ceiling. ( She later said this was her favorite part). See the birdcage on the top of the above picure?
Cue the detail shots!
It's hard to take a step back and be grateful for what I have right now, because I live in a world where everything serves as a reminder of how much has been taken from me.
Supplies: Ribbon, Button, Twine, SU Marker- So Saffron, Certainly Celery, Scallop Trim Border Punch, SU Mat Pack, Paper Piercing Tool, Simply Score Tool
"Some Americans believe that by rounding up hundreds or thousands of Al-Qaeda leaders and fighters, we can end Islamic terrorism. But this would be like washing blood with blood. No matter how many terrorists you kill, there are always more lining up to take their place. Though the War on Terror is critically important to restraining the jihadist onslaught, war alone is not the answer."
-- W. C. Fields
Recovered from my car accident
I went to the supermarket the other day to buy some tea and a few other things. While walking along the shelves I had one of those moments of “heightened awareness.” Sounds all rather mystical and other-worldly, but I’m sure you know what I mean. It’s when you suddenly come out of auto-pilot mode and just see things differently.
The basement, which used to be a chapel, will house offices and open spaces.
He hangs his coat on the hook while she fusses in the kitchen. He hasn’t the heart to tell her that he’s already eaten. The meat sits heavy in his stomach making him full, sluggish, as he loosens his tie and sits down, ready to do his best.
An ancient and benevolent species the Star whales had according to legend guided early space travellers through dangers on their journeys through space. By the time of the 29 century the species was all but extinct save for who is theorised to be the last of its kind. When earth was facing destruction because of Solar flares that Star whale was drawn to earth. All the peoples of Earth had managed to escape in massive city ships but the people of Great Britain lacked the supplies to create an engine, the people were left hopeless and mostly heartbroken by the sounds of their Children crying due to the increasing temperatures. It was these sounds that had drawn the whale to the planet for has Amy put it "When you're that old and alone an so full of kindness what else can you do" who intended to offer its services to the stranded people.
Her rendition of the legendary characters was priceless: The Seven Dwarfs looked like a cross between E.C. Segar’s Jeep and a pack of hairless possums. Even Snow White looked kind of out of it in these pieces; the exhibit had a nightmarish, otherworldly quality. The Prince who saves Snow White is rendered by Garcia as some kind of bizarre-looking gigolo. I liked the part where she’s poisoned in her bed with her name written on it like some kind of coffin.
The Central Italian Food, which includes the delectable Lasagna, Tortellini and Ham, and also a wide variety of pasta recipes, served on with flavorful sauces.
I am a little behind in updating the end of 2011 Books I Read. I have them all stacked up I just need to record them.
And then there was Sam’s brother Irving Goldfeather” who looked strikingly similar to Sam. Except Irving was always seen walking in the opposite direction towards Beverly Road. Usually on his way to work in the morning. Yet, Sams brother was quiet and businesslike and would always tip his hat to my Mom and say:
Of heaven, and could some wondrous secret show,
I’m really touched, thank you all for their support, I love you all.
I performed alongside Matt Sage and his band again, but this time we had smoke, lighting, and I had my rope rigged at a more interesting height!
In general the more data there is the more convincing the application will appear to be and more likely to support broader claims. In addition, there is often more flexibility to change the problem being solved during examination. It is preferable for there to be exemplified embodiments across
I'm parched, so very dry and I need a drink, I really need a drink...
online since 2001, owning and creating for the web. If it wasn't for the
Paper - Bella Blvd. Spring Flings & Easter Things Line: Mom's Bouquet, Cardstock Aqua, Dark Aqua, White
But the show has a while to go before it catches up to that - if it ever does. For the time being, we're left with the spectacle of seeing these watching these people squirm like ants under a magnifying glass in the summer sun - slowly going insane from the heat seeping in from every direction, chewing their own guts out with anxiety. The only people who can thrive in this environment are monsters and sociopaths, and the only way to survive is by becoming a monster or a sociopath.
The rush to have newspaper reporters write blogs has not been followed by a rush of copy editors to polish those blogs. It shows. Glitches of all types abound, with posts showing little or no evidence of editing.
The soundtrack hisses and pops. The dialogue is all dubbed over. The acting is all horribly over-the-top. By all means, this shouldn’t be so effective.
Take a cup and stuff it with this potato mash. top it with a spoonful of curd. Add the tamarind chutney and coriander chutney as per your liking. Topple with sev and serve immediately.
"Oh yeah mate, I read all about your running antic in the Whippet News -
skullcandyracing@gmail.com
WIE: So you feel there’s a kind of purposiveness to the way the universe is evolving; that, in a sense, it reaches its fruition in us, in human beings?
PLEASE CLICK ON EACH PICTURE TO ENLARGE
Giving helpful advice such as how to explain to your Mom that as a teenage blood curdling denizen of the night you would like to paint your cave bedroom black without having a shouting match over why you don’t like the way she painted the stalagmites bright pink to go with the large stuffed pink bats hanging from the ceiling.
Park Ha arrives at the Rooftop no later than what must be 4am to find Yi Gak standing outside looking at the world. She confronts him about the engagement, demanding to know what happened. He tells her to mind her business and she reminds him of his reason for leaving Joseon. She wants to know how he plans to return home and he’s so overwhelmed with emotion that he grabs and hugs her.
It is worth noting that agriculture grew steadily in 2001-2011 (4.2% per annum on average) and contributed significantly to the economy’s recovery. Unfortunately, investment in this sector has been severely inadequate. While agriculture claimed 52.6% of the workforce, it received just over 6% of investment and took up only 20% of GDP in 2006-2010. Meanwhile, the expansion of industries and services has not been sufficient to absorb unemployed rural jobseekers. Endeavors to transform Vietnam’s economic profile, with priority given to industry and services, also leave much to be desired.
"Jesus loves me this I know.
Family members were asked to step out of the ICU unit while they withdrew the mechanical life support apparatus.
Mr. Nicholson talked about the perfection of a beach as a drawing surface, how the horizon is wide and can be used to set horizontal lines, how a penny can be dropped in the sand as a radius to the center of the earth. “On the beach you have, natively, the axis to the world,” he said. And, it suddenly felt very momentous standing there in one of my favorite places.
The pet library was a brilliant concept which no doubt met its demise at the hands of human abuse and questions of legality, but, while it existed, it was a wonderful way to own a guinea pig for a week and then, thankfully, return it once the thrill of watching it shit on newspaper had been exhausted.
UGH!!! WHY DID I SAY THAT?
In the amalgam of all these different people lie the cultural treasures of Coorg–the customs, the dresses and the Peechekati (traditional dagger).
31. Desserts together.
Teenage Dream is there too, just because it's my favorite.
Wow! Here’s an excerpt from the “2012 Timeline on the Road to RootaA” article:
All is going well and I so love my beautiful Rose!
Via: Gsmarena
As the Zambonis left the ice, the skaters began to prepare for their races. Jonathan came out for his on-ice warm up quite early, and I snapped a few photos of him. Here he is rounding the corner, in the blue warm-up lane…
Blog picked was #1 so that makes it the PEACHY KEEN STAMPS BLOG
I used organic acrylic (so it's safe when Charlotte decides to start munching on it) and mixed up the colour myself. I finished the cot with a subtle glaze and light distressing (so it will only add to the character when Charlotte decides to start munching on it!).
Because the fermentation process, yeast acts on the sugar in the grapes to produce alcohol and carbon dioxide which builds pressure. According to the Bible, new wine is, therefore, not fermented. Also, the Lord's Supper was grape juice, evidenced because when Jesus spoke of the "fruit of the vine" (Matthew 26:29) He was speaking of new wine. He didn't even use the term wine, but fruit.
So I’ll be back next week, with pictures from the craft fair this weekend, Truth Be Told Tuesdays (I seriously missed it this week!), Future Project Friday and hopefully some other fun stuff! Have an awesome weekend and if you’re in the DFW area, come by and see me on Saturday!
PEOPLE
Meanwhile, Japanese people are more likely to consider others when they make decisions.
Wow...what to say about this week? Well my boss got fired yesterday. Left behind is a huge mess that me and 2 other co-workers will work to clean up on the next few weeks. Fun stuff. Let's just say overtime is in order. My heart goes out to my boss regardless of the reason why "he/she" was let go. Being a single parent and just having purchased a car is going to be hard on them. I pray and hope they don't run into any troubles.
What do you think? Did you watch 7 Days of Sex? Do you plan to catch at least one episode – why or why not? Do you agree with any of the above assessments about how men and women feel about sex? I’d love to hear from you!
The disclosure, which prompted a rebuke from a U.S. State Department official, came from a Georgia Institute of Technology course for federal employees and contractors on infrared technology used in weapons-aiming systems for aircraft, ships and tanks. Asked by instructor David Schmieder to copy the course onto a DVD, Georgia Tech’s media staff instead uploaded it to servers.
Are you gonna give up?
They usually give you an unbelievable amount of joy.
On the placement front, Lukas Cetera is looking after sorting the Creative Internships out. So far he has passed my details onto 2 or 3 firms, and I am hoping to hear back within the next week (when I know, so will you!). He is also having to accommodate an animator, 2 or 3 architects/interior spatial designers, an artist and a journalist amongst others. Cross your fingers for me!!
“The garden is like a friendly oasis. There’s nothing really like it,” Hildur says, and Sigga and Gabríela agree. “We have to remember, that a lively city centre isn’t all about fancy buildings or shops stuffed with fashionable things. We can find that elsewhere. Those who travel to new countries look for a centre with a soul. That’s what Sirkus and everything surrounding it is all about. If we talk about city planning, people need to think whether they want to have this kind of culture or not. And this doesn’t only apply to Sirkus, but to all sorts of places facing demolition and reconstruction” Gabríela says.
Sierra Nevada Brewing Co Chico Summerfest beer Pilsner Style Lager
-Available in 4 different colors (as in the picture above)
<U+FEFF>Then I happened across these metallic lamps with black drum shades during Lamp-A-Looza 2 and fell in love. They do detract from the black frames on the bookcases, but they also pop off the light background.
I stole the idea for this from one of the million mommy blogs I've been carousing, but sadly I don't remember which one. The mommy from that blog used a Walmart tablecloth to create lovely white seats, so she's obviously more enterprising than me. But mine are covered in decorator's fabric that was - don't be surprised - on clearance. Thanks to Matt being a pack-rat, this was a $10 project. He had all the tools I needed (which, admittedly, were merely two screwdrivers, a pair of pliers, and a staple gun.) I don't really know why he had a staple gun ... men and their toys. And now this dining set - that I got for free, sophomore year of college, no less - is new again and might last us years.
There is an impossible wall keeping me on the outside, a dark and gloomy shadow cast by this wall that keeps me from the sun and the warmth I need.
Please pop over to her blog to see more stunning creations from this fantastic crafter.
And the letter also pointed out that within days of the departure of the British PM, new provisions had been raced through parliament to make it easier than ever for officials to rig the elections unmonitored and unhindered.
My amanuensis, who unlike me wears clothes on the street, apart from her striped socks and little cashmere hat, also favors high-waisted jeans (the vegan brand April 77 is stocked at Noir Kennedy, rue du roi de Sicile, in the Marais), and some cute girlfriends of hers swear by dance leotards. Actually, Mary-Laure is known to have worn dance leg-warmers on her arms to keep them toasty.
The Vernal Equinox marks the start of Nowruz — an ancient festival celebrated by people of Persian descent. While many modern-day Persians are muslims, the festival is really a purely Persian/Iranian one rather than a religious one, and it has been celebrated for at least 3,000 years.
So Forgive & Forget all who rush for it & Alleviate
7) I asked for chestnut mushrooms but they send porcini…might as well just eat out of the damn dustbin.
Literature is a filled with stories of unfulfilled potential and it must be very easy to overstate the case with so little to go on; how many actors have been hailed as potential masters of the craft on the back of a few okay films, good looks and a pharmacological mistake? This isn't a perfect collection, some of the stories are definitely better than others, but the best of them really are utterly brilliant and the collection as a whole has a sense of something so genuine, something rooted in the West Virginian landscape that shapes them, that they deserve to be protected with some kind of official stamp, something like the PDO (Protected Designation of Origin) that lets you know that your Prosciutto is the real deal.
I started making cards and scrapbooking in the late 1990s
In general, the nay-sayers of the world royally tick me off. I find it especially grievous when the nay-sayer has some kind of authority. Teachers, parents, coaches, doctors, leaders in religious communities, etc. Words are powerful. Words coming from a white coat or wearing a white collar can wield all the more force.
Also brewed with: flaked oats, Belgian baker's chocolate, lactose sugar, vanilla beans, star anise & sweet orange peel
Teachers are great because they teach you new techniques, correct your mistakes and help you to improve your craft through pointed remarks.
A laundry room face lift is a project I plan to tackle this fall so it's fun to see the directions that different people (designers mind you) have taken the little utility room with an unlimited budget. Then there is me. My budget is that of a shoe string, we have ugly brown carpet that will be staying put, and 80's style veneer cabinetry. All things a little paint and use of basic textiles should be able to help. Still, I've been staring at photos upon photos trying to come up with a plan that will ensure that our laundry room looks almost as good as these.
One song.
So....ugh....right? Now its sunday, and Andrew and I went shopping to buy me some dress clothes for my new job! (thinking optimistically). Monday comes and I was so nervous, I got to the place 15 minutes early and had to call andrew before I walked in so he could help calm me down. I walked in at 8:30 and in like 3 minutes it was 5pm and time for me to leave. The day was so great and went by so fast. I was so happy! Basically the boss told me that he thought I was a perfect fit, and that I would be signing papers on tuesday. SO.....yesterday I signed my life away, and.....Officially have a job! WOOHOO!!!....what it is will come later. :)
Shit happens. So there's this:
More or less, the reason we watch or ignore a flick like this is based on whether or not it gives us what we want. Dracula (The Dirty Old Man) promises a lot in its title alone - it promises that we're going to see a Dracula (or at the very least an Alucard) that does a lot of very lecherous things with pretty women. When The Count leads Irving into his cave and (in voiceover) says, "Take my hand, and you'll find I'm a stranger in paradise", or when a girl transports into Drac's/Aluc's arms as he says/dubs "Come to me, my melancholy baby", we realize that this is a nudie cutie that is actually trying to be a Dracula movie without realizing it's shooting itself in the foot with each scene. Or at least stabbing itself with a wooden stake.
2 Tablespoons fresh lime juice, plus more to taste
and a little ( though hard) pinch to the arm so he
me: AHHHHHH! What else have you been lying to me about?
Don't believe me?
It’s just, I mean, well . . .
athlete’s foot may require a doctor’s care. If you want more information about foot health, contact our office for an appointment at (703)368-1800 for a medical diagnosis.
It should look like this when you cut it:
The ‘Read it Later’ app is actually exclusively committed to offer the comfort of bookmarking or maybe DVR to the user for later guide. The Bloomberg software is the most appealing app intended for businessmen, share traders and financial pros. This program is dedicated to provide kept up to date financial info, graphical representations of the same and logical charts of worldwide markets.
Luckily I wasn't near a computer while I composed a barbed little post in my head in response to this person. Because, you know what, it really bothers me when somebody listens to the birth story that a woman shares and mocks it.
At other times, she spread her wings open in the bright sunshine,
Its opting for carbon towers seems to be a sensible decision as it might reduce its maintenance and base equipment needs. Besides, it is also eco- friendly and grants ease during relocation. However, they may be 25-40% more expensive than the conventional steel ones that are used. These towers have higher possibilities of being set in urban areas due to the demand being higher in these areas initially, owing to the awareness created about the same here. The present overcapacityin the towermarket is known to go down owing to the recent Supreme Court order and a few other existing companies shutting its operation owing to the poor tenacity level it has witnessed.
“It was some guy who must have been having a bad day,” said Murdock Hampe, 27, who suffered a badly swollen leg when hit by the golf cart and a long knot when a golf club was broken over his head.
1.Make a post mentioning my little challenge and linking here so folks can join in,
Why do I care what they will think after I am gone? They have never valued my life. This time I have no room to run past the group of guys and no key in hand to slide into the lock, just in time. Why is my mace at home? Where is my mace? It would never work with 6 guys. They could simply grab it and use it on me. FOCUS.
3t dressing, recipe follows
The converse problem involves the proliferation of Frankenstein beers that glue borrowings of various styles together to make beers conforming to no style. Your IPAs made with saison yeast and peaches--that sort of thing. We shouldn't declare a new style every time the idea for a new beer crosses a brewer's mind. On the other hand, if everyone makes a black IPA, at a certain point we're just going to have to accept the damn thing.
In contrast, consider the attention that the Western media has devoted to a lone blind Chinese human rights lawyer, Chen Guangcheng, who managed to escape from house arrest in Beijing a few days ago and find a safe haven at the U.S. Embassy. This is an important international incident, to be sure, but is it truly so much more significant than the Palestinian story as to explain the total neglect of the extraordinary exploits of these thousands of Palestinians who are sacrificing their bodies, quite possibly their lives, to nonviolently protest severe mistreatment in the Israeli prison system.? Except among their countrymen, and to some extent the region, these many thousand Palestinian prisoners have been languishing within an opaque black box ever ever since 1967, are denied protection, exist without rights, and cope as best they can without even the acknowledgement of their plight.
The Maya organizations and people who daily struggle for justice have received threats and intimidation, and risk their lives and their freedom in the general indifference of the world.
Time: 2009-09-30 10:16:10.4 UTC
The brisk swell
This isn't of course a product for those of you who want a real foundation to cover also bigger imperfections, this has a really light covering, and I think it's good for people who already have a nice skin.
Also up today: yoga until my bones are stretched and I’m feeling a little bit calmer (and maybe not falling over in this session), heading into work a little late to accomodate my appointment to Fix the Internet, and making this new recipe with Ky.
We cannot know its size or shape. The appearance of light itself turns out to be a real secret; we cannot see that which we use to see everything else” (Source : http://www.oxygraphics.co.uk/photons.htm)
The cute couple went public with their relationship at Lollapalooza Music Festival earlier this month.
News to me as well. Who knew he even liked guns?
It took over twenty years, then five or six dates, and maybe thirty phone calls and dozens of quite charmingly-written emails before L returned a kiss with any enthusiasm. It took a little longer before she gave more.
She glanced at me, tilted her head and beamed saying, "I'm growing up." Her face was fair and her tangled locks framed her face. "Afon kept my treasure in a box, " she paused briefly and continued, "I have it with me. Afon will make sure my face looks pretty."
Medication course:
CoreLogic says a significant factor causing recent home loans to slide under water has been the availability of government-insured mortgages that require only a small down payment. These loans, insured by the FHA, require a down payment of as little as 3.5 percent of the purchase price, providing only a small cushion of protection against a drop in home prices that could drive a borrower into negative equity.
- Hidden anger and hatred which will blast several times.
Bloodgroup
Today is Candlemas: February 2nd in the ancient Celtic calendar signified the half – way point, a cross-quarter day, between midwinter and spring. It’s pretty amazing we’ve lasted thus far: three storms and more threatening; it’s already six weeks since solstice and in another six we’ll have reached the vernal equinox.
4. on one side stamped the regal rose using your stamp pad, cover the side of the baggie
One thousand one hundred and fifty.
And then a bunch of socks and underwear--although this dye doesn't really fade much, after a couple years, things begin to look paler and worn, so I toss them in and re-dye them and keep doing that until they get holes and get tossed. I hate that because then there's the whole dyeing-a-bunch-of-little-loads thing unless I save up more clothes in the to-be-dyed pile. Right now there is no pile--for the first time in a long time, I've gotten everything dyed. Whew.
After an audition to be a part of a Next Top Model style show goes horribly awry, Shiraz tries to convince Carrie that she doesn’t need to be famous to feel beautiful and I think this is a bit of a turning point for Shiraz. We really see her grow up in The Fame Diaries and it was lovely to see her develop like this. She’s grown so much from the Shiraz we saw in the first book and even Carrie managed to grow up a little, at last.
I'm so pleased to have Jellypark as a sponsor for this challenge!! Claire imagines and creates the most wonderful characters which are a joy to colour! And the randomly selected winner will get to choose two images from the brand new Jellypark store as a prize!
Now that I am married and have children of my own, my husband and I have a own rhythm and routines around the house. Let's just say that my mom still drums to her own beat and we don't always make the sweetest music.
You're strong.
The work itself has been great, I’ve become excited about law and about commercial property again, just like I used to be once upon a time. I’ve been working mainly on completion and post completion steps of leases. I have been told I’ve been getting on well and they’ve been pleased with the work I’ve turned out. I have had to keep going back to them about things – but it’s all procedural stuff and hopefully won’t take me too long to get the hang of it.
6. These socks allow one to have the sockless look while absorbing enough sweat as to avoid having smelly shoes and feet. They also provide more warmth than true sockless wear, allowing one to go "sockless" even in cold weather.
Voila. Weekend. Done.
Dylan 1:40 Andrew 1:52
Anything else. Madam? Well, yes.
Beatles Here comes the sun UK
the authorities doing that?
Sample Size: 12 oz. brown bottle
Should you find untruths, even a bit,
Cool completely before stroring. The cookies can be kept for months, the flavor will improve with age.
She's still at the barn for the time being, so hopefully I can sneak in another ride on her before she leaves (if she does, it's not 100% a done deal) just for old times sake.
Do I love it when he asks me to process my day with him? Absolutely.
I enjoy a cup of ice tea water while I write.
powder sugar
1st Sentence: Allison Spooner wanted to leave town for the holiday, but there was nowhere to go.
Given the severe penalties for insulting the monarchy in Thailand, no-one was surprised when Ms Daranee was arrested shortly afterwards.
Speaking of intelligence a year or so ago I wandered into Tesco with a fiver and swapped said fiver for a considerably heavier toastie maker - well heavier in relation to the fiver anyway. It's not actually something I'd consider to be heavy.
this is an easy, fast, delicious and super nutritious recipe that's totally going to be in regular rotation over here. i love that the greens are very lightly cooked – not only is it healthier but the finished product is the most vibrant shade of green. recipe below!
First one, then two and finally three squid hover into view. Their long fin edges ripple them away from me. They watch with large hollow eyes, black as ink. I try to follow, but their water jet engines push them over a rocky ridge and out into open water. Out into open water where squid lures drift. They would have been better off staying with me. The squid fishers actually catch me instead. De-hooked I head back into the beach. My foot stings in the salt water and my head spins from the colour and life. I pass back into the land world, leaving the water world behind.
Imagine that you are hearing these words for the first time (perhaps you are). Jesus Christ, motivated only by love for you, descended below all and redeemed you. No longer must you be weighed down with sin, for He has already borne them for you. No more need you fear death, for He has conquered it, and you will live again. He has offered you peace and joy in this world and in the world to come.
I will rejoice in my TAGS (talents, abilities, gifts, and skills) from God with thanksgiving in my heart<U+2665>
We have two desks because my husband thought he could do more of his late-night working at home. Turns out, he gets more done at his office and hardly uses the set-up at home. Since the need for double desks has diminished, the design/layout possibilities are now more open.
* My family and personal friends are not eligible to win any prize.
This includes telling me to shove the f***ing facility up my a**hole as far as possible.
Here’s a screen shot so you can get a better look.
When stars much more massive than our Sun reach the end of their lives, their final demise is marked by a dramatic supernova explosion that destroys most of the star.
2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice
brighter than its been before
I have had so much fun reading all of your baby name suggestions and watching the little gender poll ticker these past few days. On Wednesday as luck would have it I showed up for my regular OB appointment and because of some complications and tests was not allowed to leave. I have been admitted into the hospital now for monitored bed rest until this little one makes his/her debut. Hopefully not until the end of next week so that we can clear the 35 week mark and get us a healthy little preemie to take home.
Arctic Fox - Cosmetics for men, Geocaching for beginners, Life without meat.
Every year my church participates in a 21-day fast. This year I decided to participate, it began on Jan 10th and goes thru Jan 31st. So my choice of fasting was to try the Daniel Fast.
It's interesting. On the one hand we have this over-dependence on the comfort of 'fact', and on the other the fantasy worlds of Harry Potter and virtual gaming. What we can't seem to deal with is the inventive re-imagining of our recognisably real world that makes us look at it differently and uncovers truths we may not have previously noticed. This, ironically, is not an embracing of reality but a withdrawal from it.
Motors Airport US
Manic Street Preachers A design for life UK
Judge # 2 -- Hint of lime in the black beans. Good side dish for fish or
We have plenty of fruit and vegetables.
Dead Guy Ale; with what I thought was a small child skeleton with a Pope's hat and a tankard of beer on the label; initailly; had to be first up for tasting. However; thankfully; it's apparently not a small child; it's just a skeleton wearing a beehive hat; so you can drink easy my friends!!...
Check out the story of The Malevolent Banshee available now as an e-book.
All orders received since Friday will be posted on Tuesday, October 4.
Today I want to introduce you to my daughter, Ruby! She just had her 18th birthday, is officially finished with high school, and she is going to be helping me out here at *Wink *Wink Ink for awhile! I could not be more proud of her!
The White House has started a great new program called "Advise the Advisor," where a member of the President’s senior staff posts a short video on issues being considered by the White House. In turn, the public gets an opportunity to post advice, feedback and opinions about key issues (provided your post is 2500 words or less).
This morning I had to go back to the eye Dr. I had a scratched cornea a month ago and it starting hurting again. This time its either an infection or a reaction to contact lens solution. But I should be fine.
Eyes of the Nun 2 (video) – Producer
When the everything is nothing at all
That seems rather false since if or if not the HHS birth control mandate is upheld it does not affect the overrall legality of the Affordable Health Care legislation itself.
He lived with us and trusted us, and we lied to him every day. We fooled him into thinking we were his real family, and that we would always love him and take care of him. We did this so he’d perform his tricks for us.
From the number of church-related posts on "By Stargoose And Hanglands" you might get the idea that I'm a person of deep religious conviction. Nothing could be further from the truth. But I find the buildings - their architecture, history and spirit - endlessly fascinating. Although they stand as monuments to continuity through the ages they are constantly changing. In my local church some of the evidence for this has been documented by the Meldreth Local History Group whose website is full of interesting information about the village.
You gotta fill out your forms.
Mommy: If I see a big yellow dog I will point it out to you.
I hope he or she wasn't eaten by any of the neighborhood cats, and since it was another ten years or so before I got my own cat, Orson... Well, at least I don't have that thought on my conscience.
The latest development made People wonder if the fire of love is still burning.
The Things I remind myself of when I feel a weak moment….
It’s also fun to come up with names for those trees. Poul Andersson has braidbark, copperwood, jewelleaf and gaunt lightning-rod in “The Queen of Air and Darkness”, and the Cinderbark Wood in Alan Campbell’s Iron Angel is a petrified forest where the flora has been treated with poisons. As a result, they have turned to vivid colors, and are extremely dangerous – the jab of a thorn can mean death.
After my little girl got bored, we walked back to the house to get cleaned up. My wife and I then took her to see a movie in Lafayette.
He was talking about this guy he considers a ‘d-bag,’ and his opinion is based off the fact that this weekend was Relay for Life and he got drunk. Oh cool, you disagree with his actions. Does that really give you the right to call him names? No.
3. Dump the dough onto a well-floured surface. Flour a rolling pin and roll the dough ½-inch thick. You should see lumps of butter in the dough. Cut 16 biscuits with a two-inch plain round cutter and place on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper.
We just finished a 3 day meet in Brantford, ON...it was for the Western Region Championships. Jessie qualified to swim in 7 events for the 9 and under girls...looks like the 6+ hours in the pool paid off..she did fabulous and knocked off time on 5 out of the 7 events she swam...kay, enough bragging...
As you know, I love my friend Google. I’m always checking with him for my pictures for my Blog and he always delivers.
The Americans love anything to do with royalty and were intending to make a big deal over William and Kate's marriage - but with the yanks, nothing trumps Royal Badgers.
This newsletter recently reported the passing and signing of the National Defense Authorization Act that makes it legal for the military to capture and detain citizens without “due process”. The Federal Restricted Buildings and Grounds Improvement Act has just been passed that essentially disallows our constitutional right to peacefully protest (protests can’t take place except on buildings and grounds) and will threaten both the Tea Party and the Occupy Wall Street protest movements. Last month, the National Defense Resources Preparedness Act was passed and signed that authorizes the President and cabinet officials to take over crucial parts of the U.S. economy not just in national emergencies, but in peacetime, with the spin with respect to fostering “cooperation between the defense and commercial sectors”. This raises another question. Could Pres. Obama assume the authority to make it illegal to hold gold, as did Pres. Roosevelt in the last great depression?
Excessive bail shall not be required, nor excessive fines imposed, nor cruel and unusual punishments inflicted.
2A) Jumping Jacks
The tree gives me a deeper sense of what it is to collaborate. As a solo artist, I have a strong artistic vision, and it’s not always easy to shift that vision to accommodate the visions of others.
172
I swerved on to the parade and nearly crashed the Lagonda when I saw the huge plume of smoke in the distance.
because they have a good reward for their labor.
getting at this critical information from the “outside in.” What do your
Like most women, I carry a handbag. I do this for the following reasons:
There was a pause, the gardener's question came, as incisive as a scalpel... "Are you happy with the way it is now?"
I don't have to put my Cuttlebug away and I can now use my Imagine as well!!!
Celerytree.com: Hoping for growth so I can hang out there more.
Sorry about the shadow on the picture
Have a wonder-full weekend, y'all!
This gift card holder was made from scraps left over from a previous project and card stock cut at 3 1/2 x10 and scored at 5 inches to fold.
“I wanna be the very best, like no one ever was!”
can we talk about phobias for a second? we all have them, some more odd than others. i think i've mentioned this here before, but my phobia is...
NB! The recording must show the applicant conducting in front view
E@L may have time to relate somethings about this breif sojourn to his old stomping grounds tonight (it is lunch-time now, nearly the hour upon which he has to turn up at work - a seminar in one of the big hospitals just up the hill.)
Upon my return to town it didn’t take long for the next social event to take place. There in attendance was my forestry friend Brad who was more than willing to help identify the bird. First off, he tells me, there are no masked white birds with blue trim residing in the Cascades that attack eagle like with talons open for the strike, you must have been seeing things or were mistaken in identifying the color. That was possible, I thought. I do see things that others do not see but I clearly saw the colors as I stated. Brad retreated into his room where he maintained a well-stocked library of books on forestry that he kept on his makeshift shelving system constructed with cinderblocks and two by eights. Opening a book on birds of prey he turned the pages to arrive at a series of photos and asks me, “Is this the one you saw?” No, no, and no I answer until he opens the next section of the book where we come across a bird of prey with the same body type and trim. “Hold it”, I tell him. “That’s the one.” He asks, “Are you sure?” I explain that I am very sure and after looking at several other birds in this one section I return to my selection and proclaim with surety that this is the bird that came to my rescue and drove off the ravens.
Managed house like for like sales down 1.3%
She was completely gone.
Sunflower Cottage - week 4 (Gelsinger - 28ct, 1 over 1)
So you can imagine the joy with which I announced on one of those social networks (can't remember which, my life is a blur) that I was just ONE CHAPTER away from finishing.
According to the explanation, the methodology relies on "objective, accessible data for describing patent quality." When defining the index, the described method first selects and refines index factors (e.g., patent complexity, prosecution activity). These index factors are then "tested" against a number of other factors:
Today I had my annual physical and what Karla and I refer to as "the poke."
Considering only the patents themselves, the proportions of initial ownership by large and small entities are almost equal in the most- and once-litigated data sets: 53.5% of most-litigated patents and 47.8% of once-litigated patents were issued to large entities. The picture is quite different, however, when one looks at the proportion of actual assertions in litigation, where large entities account for a surprisingly small percentage of the most-¬litigated patents. Because small entities are disproportionately represented in the actual litigation of most-¬litigated patents . . . patents that were initially issued to large entities represent only 22.4% of the assertions in the most-¬litigated group, compared to 47.8% of the once-¬litigated group.
There were alot of cars in that parking lot. Which I coasted into as slowly as possible, knowing I had to make it back along those same two miles of unpaved backroad on the same empty tank on the way out. Saw a gas station when I got off the highway. Hopefully, it won’t be too expensive this far out of LA. At least I can get a couple dollars worth, which might get me close enough to find a less obscene price per gallon.
6pm-12am
(Translated by Stephen Romer in Into the Deep Street, Seven Modern French Poets 1938-2008, Edited and translated by Stephen Romer and Jennie Feldman, Anvil Press, 2009)
Thank you ladies for such beautiful work! So proud to work with talented designers.
However, I believe it is critical that some changes be made to reconstruct the Cooperative Program to be relevant for the future, appeal to the mindset of our churches and result in a significant increase of resources needed to fulfill the Great Commission. An additional 1 percent here and there is not going to make a great difference in global impact. There is no way needed changes can be made without becoming a “win-lose” proposition for entities and between state and national work. I am going to suggest some changes that I sincerely believe could double receipts to CP and enable us to fund a radical advance for impacting lostness in America and around the world.
In its more than 250 years in America, the life industry has had to overcome a number of serious challenges. Among them: the insurance of slaves prior to the Civil War; an outright refusal to insure some segments of the population and areas of the country; the folly of deferred dividend or “tontine” policies; race- and gender-based premiums; internal and external fraud; wars and health epidemics; market crashes; and tax and regulatory challenges.
medium sharp cheddar tying the preparation together, I was again reminded of Fleischman’s talent. I gobbled up a pair soaked in housemade salsa roja an amalgamation of the traditional salsa components, but smoked—naturally—and with a touch of vinegar for balance.
“Hi, we’re Dipstick & the Dumptrucks!” or whatever dumbass name you guys came up with while giving the drummer’s new bong a break-in worthy of respect. It had some deep counterculture meaning that you all bull-shitted your way into after giggling for 15 minutes, when it was first thrown out there. And even though you have no clue what that is now, you all stuck with it because people seemed to remember it. (Go figure…)
Discs four to six contain the same tape used for Azimuth Coordinator. Four songs, “Raving And Drooling,” “You Gotta Be Crazy,” “Have A Cigar” and “Echoes” appear on Vancouver 1975 (SACEM 091-013). It is more distant than the first and has some hiss present, but there is also more emphasis upon the lower frequencies than the first tape. “Shine On You Crazy Diamond Parts 6-9? has the last few notes cut off in the recording.
"Shamokin" recounts how one night on tour the band played a sold-out show in front of thousands on a bill with The English Beat; the next, they were performing for a handful of punk rock kids in this poverty-stricken, no future ghost town of a coal town near Scranton, PA (even though the mines have been closed for years, a funeral pyre-like fire still rages in one of them a mile underground). "Shamokin" is the post-WWII 1950s American dream/teenage rockstar fantasy gone bust. The American manufacturing industries that once employed millions and allowed them to provide a decent and secure middle-class way of life for their families abandonded them in favor of cheap, benefits-free Third-world labor--devastating countless communities in the US its wake (how un-patriotic can you get?). Likewise, the music business, indie or major, essentially has been rendered obsolete by the terrible advent of file sharing--how can you earn a living as a full-time musician if your fans expect to download your music for free and can't tear themselves away from their computer, smartphone, or TV screens to pay a couple of bucks see you play a gig? "Shamokin" is the heart, soul, and conscience of Bigger Thomas wrapped up in one tune: what do you do when you can't do what you love to live?
The only real way for healing and growth to take place is by sharing the unadulterated, un-’created’ truth. Allowing a child to build fantasies based on a fabricated tale of love and loss by birth parents is misleading and deceitful. And the ramifications could be enduring.
They start real training at 18 months but puppies are introduced to the idea early by giving them social skills . It was an informative show. I love German Shepherds, we used to have one years ago. He had loads of personality and was protective of our girls.
There’s also plenty of opportunity to use photo editing packages ( online application FotoFlexer is a favourite)Why not collect all the images together and place them in a PowerPoint Notebook template. These look like sketch books used in many art sessions and these are a close approximation of the same thing in a digital format. Why not have a go?
Here are some of my favorite pics of my girls (a few years ago). Can you see the resemblance to the Kaela girls in my project?
I was bribbing them both with suckers from the bank teller who had doted on them a few moments ago when they were darling angels. Now they were past humoring my To-Do list. We were on sucker number 2 and I was praying that the sugary balls of goodness would hold out, but I was ill prepared for the jam packed isles. I ran out of suckers and my once angelic daughter began tantruming (I swear I am a better mom than this sounds!) …but she began whinning at a glass-shattering high pitch and began yelling, “Mommy! Fucker, Fucker, Fucker!!! (Meaning I want a sucker of course – duh!) but yeah – I’d never said the “F” bomb in her life but here she was yelling it at the top of her lungs. Together her sister tried to imitate her by pounding her fists on the shopping cart and yelling nonsense while my oldest kept her mantra of the “F” bomb going. I was fresh out of those sticky sticks of silence and so I was “SOL”.
Stop The Lies has been informed that the renovation work was carried out in February 2009 which cost RM1.5million. It is surprising that the owner would spend so much to renovate the bungalow.
Stranger does not rhyme with anger,
Ring: Cartier
What a beautiful day today has been. The sun has been emitting its long warm rays and giving us a taste of warmth and sense of the seasons ahead. Signs of Spring are beginning to emerge from the recently snow covered soil. How much happier does it make us feel when we can spend time outside enjoying the free gifts of nature.
Let me tell you a story…
The elephant in the room is still here: we need land for housing and the vast tracks of parkland are the answer.
Over the years, King Electrical Services had always been a small business. However, during the Great Recession, King’s business has actually improved as his union competitors have priced themselves out of work.
And lastly: Drugs and Welfare Queens Because nothing says Compassion like taking away benefits from children when their mother's on drugs.
“The girls were great last night, Ryan is an all star. Overall, a very good show, I’ll be sure to call ya next year if we rent a house up there again.”
16. Slip stitch to center of chain, chain 4, treble crochet in space, chain 2, 2 treble crochet in same place to form cluster, *chain 2, in next space 2 treble crochet chain 2 2 treble crochet,* around, join to top of beginning chain 4.
Many is the time she has told me a story about someone and I've said, vulture-like, "Can I have that or are you going to use it?" The answer is usually no but that's fine.
The central issue is not about the big 'H' - homebirth. The central issue is the midwife's right to engage in professional practice. A midwife who is attending a woman in labour, with or without a scarred uterus or any other of the listed contraindications, or complication, is professionally able to work with the woman to make appropriate decisions. In some cases that may mean going to hospital; in others it means staying at home. At all times the wellbeing and safety of mother and baby guide the midwife's professional advice. Home is only a setting. Healthy mothers and babies are the outcome we desire.
261 **8. “Damski Redux” (on homosexuality in the United States today). Windy City Times, Chicago, Illinois, December 29, 1994, p. 12. (Incorporated in Item C-1995(4), below, pp. 88-89, n. 201, and in Item C-1997(9), below, pp. 155-57.) See Item D-I/24/1999, below.
C: … may press con
It's amazing how quickly the time goes by,
Please just bear with me for another week or so and i shall be back on track asap !
I'd like to go to church. (This was a resolution last year and I kick myself regularly over this one. I hate finding a church though. I hate the whole process!)
So holy – yes!
This sounds pretty dismal, doesn’t it? But it is true, and as I think back on the way I was, it makes me sick. I was heading toward disaster. I had my spot marked in hell. I had prime real estate in the hottest place there is.
I’ll know my name as it’s called again.
Did pretty well w/ eating so far. Minus the cookie I had from whole foods. Aunt Flo came to visit and I just was not going to fight the urge for chocolate any longer.
Look for local classified websites, or sites which allow you to post in a local section. You will soon discover you can reach a larger spectrum of possible buyers this way, which will allow you to complete a faster sale for a more satisfying price.
However, I also fear that many of my fellow Christians let other worldviews take precedence. I fear this for myself. A Christian/Biblical worldview must be the “grid” through which we filter all our thinking:
10 - Fall Of The Peacemakers 08:08
which has the support of virtually all the major factions of Honduran
AF: I can’t get into specifics but there are some mind-blowing revelations to come. The Hunt is a trilogy, so two more books to come.
He said: “The half year results in 2009 versus 2010 show a fall of £13m but underlying that are three things. Current year underwriting performance has improved significantly and we have released a lot less from prior years.
He nodded. I could bear it no longer, and flung myself into him, burying my face in his chest. He hesitated, but then his arms came around me, and I nearly gasped from relief, from knowing he was with me, warm and alive and safe.
- Find a cafe/bistro with a killer view and stake a table out near sunset. My love and I found a streetside bistro with an unbelievable view of the Eiffel Tower and we sipped on artsy-sounding drinks while watching the clouds turn glorious shades of pinks and blues and purples. Oh, and when the sun finally went down and the Eiffel Tower lit up, it was all kinds of amazing.
Kadima Party: Winner
Hey u,
As for the new living space, nearly there - painting, painting, painting and I am sure will be for another few weekends.
1. We were asked what the best barbecue in town was. Someone said Oklahoma Joe’s. Get this – the instructor said NO. Pointed at the next person. NO. The next. NO. After about 6 of these, he said Danny Edwards. Hands down the best barbecue in town. I like Danny Edwards. It’s not the best barbecue in town. And don’t be an asshole and tell me I’m wrong.
04-20-2006
And you will love this child no matter what.
And despite my objections,
Source of prompt: First 50 – I’ve had the prompt tucked in my journal for a while, but never checked out this blog until today. It’s an amazing source of writing prompts and I highly recommend it for any writer looking for a little inspiration!
The Book Buff: When did you begin writing?
I woke up this morning and just like last week; there were reports of bombings in the Northern part of Nigeria. I am Nigerian, and so there was no way I could ignore that. I responded to a tweet my cousin wrote about it. I felt his pain… and I imagined how the people who were directly affected would feel.
Spiced Cranberry Sauce
Tell yourself you are a great individual and believe in yourself…
‘No, hang on, Jemma!’ Aimee ran after her friend, who was heading at an almost indecent haste towards the large bar in the centre of the Departure Lounge, which was a feat in itself in the heels she was wearing. But that was one thing about Jemma – it didn’t matter what the occasion, there was no way she was going anywhere without her heels. ‘We haven’t got time
I haven't been outside since the last two incidents with the puppets. I can't let the puppets out of my sight, or something bad might happen. You see, I've changed my approach to the whole situation; I thought I could lock them away in a room and throw away the key, but I've realised now that when I'm not watching them, that's when they make their move.
I have devised a giant list of WHO I will be sending my latest manuscripts to...and then my printer ran out of ink and for some UNKNOWN reason, Kodak ink is NOT something that is carried by Office Max OR WalMart...grrrrr!
Wade, Robert. “Spadework.” The San Diego Union-Tribune. December 16, 1984.
So to say that Burke and those like him reflexively oppose ALL change is nothing more than lying Leftist propaganda. It is often noted (e.g. by Owen Harries) that Burke said: "A state without the means of some change is without the means of its conservation." As Harries goes on to say, "so the issue was not reform versus no reform; it was between the view that reform was a simple matter that could be engaged in sweepingly and the view that it required prudence and was best approached incrementally". So conservatives have NEVER opposed change per se and it is little more than a calumny to say that they do. A careful and cautious approach to change certainly characterizes conservatives but opposition to change does not.
25-27 Bureaucrat DRAGON 74
No Blood of Mine by El Pathos
*Read at least one book per month.
1/4 t. nutmeg
Each, new plain, a different color
- We do NOT post News, Tour dates, Single tracks, music videos only etc unless they come with a full album stream.
Who got her cable and internet turned off, leaving her with only power and her Bible for a few months? This sister.
But Thieves’ World stuck in my mind growing up… a LOT. Though it was hard to get a hold of the “final” book(s).
In the Riftwar saga, what touched me most were the characters and how real they were to me. All their confusion and doubts and anxieties, the idealism of honour and duty, and the sure sense of who they were and what they were doing. Maybe that’s what caught hold of me – wanting to know who I was and what kind of person I was going to be. In fact, maybe it’s what we all secretly wish for ourselves – to be absolutely certain of who we are and what we need to do in this life, despite the anxieties of growing up, and having the guidance and support of mentors and friends we have complete faith in, and who likewise believe in us without an ounce of doubt.
or the activities we had planned,
Yep, Semana Santa is in full swing here. Well, that makes it sound like something's really happening, but what's happening is a lot of nothing, on purpose. WHAT?! You see, today is Good Friday, and that means the whole country has shut down in order to contemplate the crucifixion. This day is treated with much respect.
Attendance: You are allowed six excused absences for the length of the course, including all lectures and screenings. This includes sick days, family emergencies and other documented absences. After that, 5% of the final grade will be deducted for each absence. 10 absences, or more, will result in an automatic failure for the course.
John McLaughlin: 67 years old, after the original Mahavishnu Orchestra disbanded in 1976 he concentrated on his Indian/classical group Shakti. Now plays in a variety of jazz styles.
I'm always looking for novels written in the male perspective. So I was really excited to hear about Tempest when I found out it was told in Jackson's perspective. I thought his voice sounded natural and he had an interesting point of view. In the beginning, I found myself less than excited to know him as he seemed like a jerk. But as the novel wore on, I did enjoy that he started to change. His growth was without a doubt, one of my favorite parts of the novel. While the fact that he was rich could have made everything too easy for Jackson, he never made anything easy for himself which made up for his ultra-wealth.
It might be fun to be the person who comes up with the fun names for make up, or crayons.
Foals is possibly my favorite band, in that first love sense where you keep thinking there’s something more sophisticated out there but cry every time you sleep with a different band. I saw them at Rock ‘n Roll hotel in DC in 2008 and like no one was there. I’m seeing them this Sunday, October something 2010 at Black Cat and am thinking there will be a much larger crowd. Cassius is a great introduction to Foals from their first album. They waited like 4 years to release it and currently have around 2 or 3 times as many songs as they have released. Their second album, Total Life Forever, is pretty solid from every angle. My only bone to pick is that the production gave it too much sentimentality, especially the way the guitars retreat to the background at times in a typical indie-rock way. A band like Foals is nice because they tread the line between mainstream acceptance and still being mathy–you don’t have to worry about them selling their math out once they become popular like so many other bands. (e.g. Maps and Atlases)
The interior’s dominant cast stone walls, BIM designed and individually built and layered creates thesubterranean quality of a carved room from water which is lit from multiple directions by the open exterior, adding relief to the heavy formations. The walls act as objects in their own right, transforming the entrance atrium space into a geological fantasy, formulated by the natural surroundings but very much distinct and un-nostalgic.
Underneath I have two long sleeved t-shirts (aqua and cream form M&S and C&C)
They give it to newborn babies for curing colic. They peel the bark from the trees, beat it up into tiny pieces... let it dry in the sun to turn red... and bag it up...
Negative remarks aside, I am really enjoying my box. In terms of value, you're definitely getting your money's worth: those really are deluxe-size samples, no little foil packets or other such nonsense. Also, all the brands are of the high-end spectrum: Dermalogica, Fekkai, REN, Oscar de la Renta and Skyn Iceland, which is a brand I've never heard about before. Actually, the Skyn Iceland Icelandic Relief Eye Pen is a full size product, the only difference from regular retail being that this was unboxed. So far, I've tried the eye pen, which is great (I might do a separate review) and the Fekkai Glossing Cream, which I quite like as well. I like that there is such a good variety of brands and products (skin, hair, perfume); I was secretly wishing for a make-up item in there, but maybe next month... If I was really splitting hairs, I'd say that two exfoliating products is a bit much, but then the REN is more like a mask, so that's ok.
All four are still performing their policing duties and have not been suspended from duty.
The first thing to notice in Monzon’s work is that visual design (which I will call form, order, or a plan) is equivalent wherever it is found. To Monzon, design is simply a surface. For instance, Bridget Riley’s op art designs have the visual equivalency of a Venice Beach blacklight poster. The design is the background over which Monzon does more lyrical activities like brush strokes and random streams of paint. The interplay between the surface and what apparently on top or concurrent with the surface is what creates something interesting for me. It is not as easy as it sounds, let me explain.
Long time no see! I guess I`ve had my longest blogging break ever...
and was written in order to explain how Narnia was created, and primarily how the famous lamppost came to be there. Whenever I write about a book that I’ve always loved I tend to assume that everybody else in the world has read it too. Most of the people I know in real life have read the Narnia books, but I’m sure that there will be somebody reading this who hasn’t managed to get around to it yet. If you haven’t read them, all I can say is that you really, really should.
In a small bowl, using a fork whisk together two eggs, the milk and salt till frothy.
I climbed up to the pool deck to assess the damage. And there, right in the middle of the pool, was a fairly large poop. And it wasn't a floater, because that would be too easy. No, it was a sinker and it was sitting at the bottom of the pool, mocking me. My brother was there, laughing at me and disgusted with me, simultaneously. I asked him where Kerry (the owner of the pool) was and what the "plan" was. Do pool owners have special equipment for such things? No, they don't. The plan was to use a pail and the pool cleaner net thingy to dive down to the bottom of the pool and scoop out the poop. So, Kerry and I put on some kid goggles, each got a pail and net thingy, and took turns diving for poop. Ya...that really happened.
It took until about a month ago for my niece to stop asking about the babies in my belly. She kept asking if I grew Myles in my tummy, she had a hard time understanding, her parents had tried to explain to her that sometimes babies grow in people's hearts and not their tummies, but that got her even more confused.
You don’t have to be related by blood to be a part of a family, you just have to accept that your are part of the family. It doesn’t matter if that family is your adoptive family, your half-blood family, your real blood family, or the family of friends you have, if you want to be part of it – you have to commit to being a part of it. You can’t be a part of it only when it suits you; you have to be all in and accept it for what it is.
Category Unknown Information
As posted on curiosidadesofworld.blogspot.pt
Gracefully the strand fulfills
bay leaf
--I found a pair of leggings that can actually be worn as pants (with the appropriate length shirt). Not that cheap kind you get at Target that when you push your hand up against the fabric, you can see your hand through the leggings. Thank you, H&M, for getting this right.
Alexandra Cinque might seem like a typical college student, battling schoolwork and conquering exams—but there’s a lot more fight to her than meets the eye.
in ways such as this the authorities will perform somersaults to avoid charging a non white person with a hate crime against a white person, because they don't want to admit that the law does not permit them to do so.
All Content Copyright
The rule is that you can be any word that has a double letter in it. So you can be a grEEn glaSS dOOr. You can be an aPPle but not a banana. You can wish Just JeNNifer HaPPy but you can't wish her birthday.
My room is definitely not finished, even
makes me dream drifting on a swing
The cold weather will continue through Sunday and Monday with highs of around 52F (11C) and lows of 28F (-2C).
French vanilla and double chocolate chip ice cream with baileys stacked on an oreo base, topped with chocolate fudge and whipped cream.
Bijilo Forest Park is a coastal rainforest – although in April (the dry season) its seems far away from a rainforest.
And then crash, the secondary hangover kicked in.
Then, ten years ago, in a moment of madness, Ken started to write. His first article was published in Golf Illustrated in August 1996. More golf articles followed in national and regional magazines including Golf Magazine and Fairways and Greens.
I wanted to give each of us the All-American and/or assault rifles and/or spears and/or swords and/or shields and/or armor, but I could not remember the cheat codes; and so I wished for some random weapons instead, which were a bit better than our current weapons, and that helped us to start winning in our fight against the zombie-like beings.
For exercise, I required shoes and clothing for walking, sync'd my ipod, got rid of my favourite biscuits, chocolates and sweets (that was fun ;) and stocked up on healthy alternatives and water bottles.
Shining like pink argyle diamonds in the sky
Heading west from Holmwood station, a narrow footpath between a neatly clipped conifer hedge on one side and a less formal native field boundary hedge on the other takes me to a country lane lined with beech, sycamore and shiny-leaved, bright-berried holly – a sign that the year is heading to its inevitable conclusion. Over hedges and down wide ornately-gated driveways fringed with stately Cedar of Lebanon are glimpses of grandiose Victorian country houses – their presence often only betrayed by the tall gables and taller chimneys I catch sight of between the trees. This is an expensive and exclusive part of the world in which to live.
Just because this is what I do in my spare time at the moment.
Two hours ago I still had some hope, but I've since given up on that. I thought I saw a bright shiny light, but I don't see it anymore now. To me things seem pretty bleak. I wear my depression like a darkened cloak that makes me invisible to the world. I think I can do whatever I want and it will make no difference.
7. Reward good work. For any organisation to be vibrant and vital, it is important that good people are rewarded by offering them better increments, promotions and being put on the fast track for movement up the organisational ladder. That helps to ensure that as they progress, there will be increasingly better people at the top.
“What does what mean?” I replied.
The wind is blowing harder now,
Doughty has indicated that he is prepared to keep funding going but the way the club has approached replacing their manager implies that he will be looking for immediate savings. Whilst this is entirely understandable at a personal level it could potentially put Forest’s short to medium term future at grave risk.
Ga Young can’t sleep that night and heads out, going to see Young Gul at Young Young. He meanwhile is having the same trouble and slips onto her sleeping bed, unable to relax at all.When he heads back into his office, he imagines Ga Young sleeping on the sofa. Finally, he takes to drinking but even that is no help since he keeps imagining her everywhere. He heads out so that when Ga Young arrives, he’s not there. He’s gone to see his designer friend (Now WHAT was your name?! *Thinking* Argh, can’t remember! Let’s just go without it!) Alright so his friend takes out his frustrations on him and points out Young Gul has changed-not everything is money money money for him anymore and he’s also let go of ‘his woman’, calling it a pity. But Young Gul tells him it’s not his style to stop a woman who wants to leave. Did you even consider the possibility you were the one who made her wanna leave? Anyway, Young Gul has bigger worries on his mind-actually its bigger plans, but I think they’d transform into worries in little time! Basically, what he wants is to transform ‘Dongdaemoon’ into a fashion mecca.
Go to the Flea Market Kolarportið. Taste the rotten shark, sheep head, Icelandic candy; or just a tasty icecream will do for most of you. You can find some good (and bad) 2nd hand Icelandic music there 2. Have a kebab, pizza, sandwich on the way back. You're 100% ready for the final night & morning of Airwaves 2011 after a cup of coffee or thee.
Starting on the left we have of course THE TEXAS CHAINSAW MASSACRE. Sound by William Bell & Director Tobe Hooper. Another no brainer that shouldn't need explaining. Dutch Oven was cool enough to take the entire movie and dub it straight on to a 90 minute cassette! That's right, the ENTIRE MOVIE, word for word. Even the creepy John Laroquette intro. The only thing more fucked up than watching the movie is LISTENING TO IT.
Over the weekend, I went to Port Townsend, WA, for a Power Plotting Weekend with the amazing Mary Buckham. (If you're interested, I'll share some of what I learned on Fiction Friday.) I flew out early and stayed over another day so I'd have time to sightsee.
Most kids don't want to lie. They want to get it off their chest, that feeling of having done wrong. The Catholic church recognizes this in a sanctioned way, they also sanction guilt, but that's a whole other subject and also one that came up recently. There is something very cathartic about telling the truth.
in their eyes it shows
2) If you could meet anyone on this earth, who would it be?
That's when we discovered a hole in the chicken wire and two other chickens were loose. The first was caught quite quickly but the other ran into a group of trees and bushes.
that I no longer
The Halton Industry Education Council (HIEC) is pleased to once again host “Women as Career Coaches” on Wednesday, March 28, 2007, 6:00-9:00 p.m.
RIKEN
When ready to serve – stir in the fromage frais and reheat the soup gently, without letting it boil.
double up the tracks, add .01 sec delay to one of the channels, split channels and mix either side (balance achieved through trial and error)
10. band intros
This book is a very assured debut, full of those dreadful moments of realisation that mark growing up: that the world isn’t at all how you thought it was, but instead is messy, unfair, uncontrollable and incomprehensibly different from your expectations. Schabas allows Georgia to speak for herself, showing how the polarisation in ways of thinking about sex is a problem rather than a solution. In this book, the feminist (and concerned family) position is akin to the position of abstinence-only education. Both think they are showing girls how not to be victims; neither understands that mild interest in sex is not the same thing as wanting to have sex, and that a lack of information and culture of extreme disapproval results in girls having sex (and babies) even when they don’t want to. The adults in this book don’t understand that Georgia’s experience of the world is incredibly limited. They don’t recognise that their morals and advice come from a position of overview and lived experience and as such cannot possibly help Georgia make real decisions.
voice like his, hear that accent. That music station I found that
One day, there was an unusual number of nuns involved. That day, the technique changed. The nuns just lay down on the pavement, shrouding themselves with Tibetan Snow Lion flags. It was so unexpected, even the police started laughing. Their gentle prostration turned everyone's expectations on their heads.
where everything is fair and right.
I want you to get involved with My Creative Future, commenting on blog posts, posting your own creative blogs/websites and work and using the blog as a way to keep up to date with what’s going on in these creative industries that could help with future career choices you make.
In fact, the only other thing I will do for now is post my review I had for StrictlySplatter.com's Movie Meatloaf compilation. Other than that, I think now is a good time to take a break, just kick back and see what is going on around me.
Can you describe when and where your conversion experience happened? I don’t mean the time were delivered from some addiction or besetting sin. I don’t mean the time you had a breakthrough and resolved a big conflict in one of your personal relationships. I mean the time you realized that you were a lost sinner and you called upon Jesus Christ to save you.
All's right with the world
O’er the land of the free and the home of the
This was built using the coil building technique. I hated it with a passion, and hate this piece as a result. It is nothing like I had designed. And just looks terrible, but I thought I would still through it up here for people to see (I have no clue why though…).
What can wash away my sins? asks one such hymn.
Also, Rednano.sg had been reported recently on 13th Oct 2009 in a newspaper article. You can view the article at http://www.sphsearch.sg/news_Rednano_Mobile_partners_StarHub_and_M1_to_offer_an_exciting_new_food_directory_for_mobile_users.html.
So knowing that, what good does it do to compare yourself to others? Does it make my accomplishments, goals, etc. any smaller because there are others out there that have done "more"? Or does it make my accomplishments, goals, etc. any bigger because there are others out there that have done "less"? I say NO and NO.
Jauge – Mind Fried
That doesn’t mean as much as you think it might….
Ah heck. Now I just realized I need to come up with next month's suggestion.
The Jeff Hardy segments are very interesting. Some people have forgiven him, some are not. So what will take place? We’ll tune in and find out.
Diana, the Christian spinster with Tourette’s, held my interest for a glimmer of a minute before I realised that she too was just another mouthpiece for Coupland’s clichés. Harj, the Sri Lankan call centre worker, was also readable. But the others? I got to the point where I was just skimming the pages rather than reading their narratives. Julien was the worst. A smug World of Warcraft fanatic, he insisted on reproducing pages of gaming narrative as well as a long plot summary of the sci-fi anime Space Battleship Yamato. Yawn. I get that Julien is meant to be annoying but there’s no excuse for devoting a near-fifth of your book to a character so dreary that readers will barely be bothered to hold the book open at the right page.
On the trend front, I’ve seen t-shirt hems rise, as the bustier and crop tops have returned, but nonetheless, the average length on a t-shirt from a mainstream consumer retail shop tends to run 1-2 inches too long for my frame. I would like to note, though, that styling matters. Love this Christopher Kane t, but it is 10-fold better tucked in for short ppl so the legs look longer.
Week 10: Sunday, Nov. 11, NY Jets, 1:05 PM
Best admissions office: Franklin & Marshall, roaring fire in the fireplace
Was he perhaps trying to knock our contest (or its Tweeters) down a peg or two? It certainly comes across that way at first, and based on the artistic appreciation I mentioned before. He suggests seeing the gear in the realm, its natural environment, you appreciate it so much more. Almost like WoW Factor is superior to Mog Madness for doing that.
And here's the personal connection, which has stalled me for two weeks. In my own reviews of the Seattle Rep this season I found myself coming back to the nature of truth, and the trustworthiness of those on standing on the boards.Humor Abuse was a one-man memoir. How to Write a New Book for the Bible goes into detail on what happened and what didn't - what was memory and what was nudged one step closer to believability by quoting from the author's diary. I Am My Own Wife deals with the question of an unreliable narrator, yet leaves the audience curiously beached. Red featured real-world painter Rothko doing real-world Rothko things and saying real-world Rothko quotes, but is a construct, the pacing and lines shaped for the purposes of presentation.
allowing and unfolding
In legendary Gotham City, a bat cave is the headquarters of a cape-wearing crime fighter. In Austin, a “bat cave” was once the home of our Mayor and City Council.
Love will find you where you are
And since then, of course, it’s been Pesach – and Pesach in New York means so many many different types of matzah (egg matzah without the yolk, anyone??), and seders with various different people (including a first night Haggadah-less seder which was filled just with questions and discussion; second night with haggadahs, more questions, and good friends from home; third night at a 40 person Queer Seder in Brooklyn) – as well as last night going to an amazing/crazy klezmer gig in the basement of a shul in the East Village. I’m hoping to write a proper post about the seders – there was so much (earnest) goodness there – so I’ll leave it at that, with a not really ending to this long(ish) post. That’s what you get when I’m writing when sick, I s’pose…
With a score or so species, subspecies, and natural hybrids native to northeastern North America, the genus Amelanchier goes by several common names, many of which represent the plants' phenology:
I found this Spinner at the Learning Shop exhibit booth at I Teach K. They also run a mail order teacher supply company. The owners, Dave and Doris, are a very nice retired couple that run their business by following many of the SDE conferences and exhibiting at them if it is not too far from their home in Indiana. Dave and I have gotten to know each other over the past year, and when he saw me, he asked if I had seen the new spinners that he had in stock. I replied that I had not, so I went over to take a look.
I sure am a boring person without cigarettes. I'm like dull Jane sitting here behind the computer. I've even made more coffee to liven myself up with. Mostly I've been sitting here caught in thought and not even thinking anything of importance. I'm so easily distracted from what I'm doing. It's one way to spend the early morning hours.
The Cowboy (knock on wood) still has both thumbs. But, he says, he’s probably got 5 or 6 friends that are missing theirs.
These are the albums that changed my life.
I want you to look at criminal law and most regulations. 90% of them don’t even mention corporations. They mention people. The only reason that corporations have to follow those regulations are because, legally, they are people. After all if they’re not people they’re things…and things don’t have legal responsibility. You don’t charge the knife with murder, you charge the person who held it. Or if I were to give a chimp a gun and it shot someone, it’s not the chimp’s fault, it’s mine. Only people have legal obligations to obey the law.
The beers from Einstok brewery have the slogan Drink, Conquer, Repeat which sounds a little aggressive for a country annexed by Operation Fork. Anymore of that talk and we'll launch Operation Spoon I thought, but on looking closer I see they don't want to conquer so they can pillage, but to leave things better. Which is nice.
I'm out of words. Just buy this stuff. And make these cookies.
It's quite the fashion, the Covenantal
* When writing a series, do you plan ahead so that when writing the current instalment the sequel is also in your mind and you have a rough idea of what happens next? Or do you try and keep each book as standalone as possible, so that most plot threads are resolved?
The Booger Mask art fell into severe decline when the Cherokee were forcibly removed from their homeland to Oklahoma, where their traditional materials were not available. Read about the Booger Dance Here :
3For I testify again to every man that is circumcised, that he is a debtor to do the whole law.
Thanks to everyone who tuned in to last month’s show! It’s archived for your listening pleasure. Next week the polls will be up for voting on Hottie 2012. An update on last year’s hotties will be included.
“There is little doubt that rising human consumption of materials is our most seminal environmental challenge,” Ali writes, but he also acknowledges the way in which our lust for material goods—treasure, as he puts it—has shaped human civilization since long before the gold rush. Rather than attempting to reverse this long history of resource use, Ali proposes that we employ our awareness of it to look for creative ways forward.
My color combo came from the SU color wheel: Daffodil Delight, Night of Navy, Old Olive and Cherry Cobbler. I used the Fanciful Flourish die from Cherry Lynn and the Textile Texture embossing folder from Cuttlebug. i trimmed off the overhanging parts of the flourish before embossing it along with some paper flowers. Then I went back and glued the parts back in place and added brads to the flower centers. I used the same embossing folder on the Daffodil Delight layer.
Valuable tail feathers from a stuffed huia have been stolen from a rural museum.
She was a writer and a feminist; if there had been paparazzi around in her time they would have been stationary outside her house snapping the rich and famous that clustered around her. She would sometimes dress as a man and had a string of lovers, both male and female. However, the love of her life was the composer Chopin. Trust me, if you stopped a French person in the street and asked them who George Sand was, they would know.
Each of the next several posts will examine and give detailed information on each step as we cover it. However, it is also important to remember that I did not come up with this information all on my own. The following sites or blogs contributed greatly to helping me understand and utilize SSL encryption and certificates. As we go forward, please check them for the final say on what I am telling you. I might get something wrong. I will also welcome your comments and suggestions on how this goes. Follow along. We must might learn something.
“Babylon 5<U+2033>
it is a profound source of spirituality.
Let there be no doubt, I will oppose Leanne's leftism, but at least I will have a principal to oppose if Leanne is elected party leader, rather than the wishy washy nothing that the other candidates seem to be offering.
Peanut Butter Mushrooms
There is always this chance as well. If you get an audit letter from the IRS, do not panic. Call your bookkeeper or your CPA immediately! As always keep all copies of correspondence.
Pause briefly to assess the situation, determine what/who will be involved and how to best navigate the situation to decrease the number of casualties to zero. Yep, zero. That is the unspoken paralegal and attorney goal on all days that end in “y.”
That is loneliness
life cracks
The weather has been changing, and the northern wind has been blowing in, rattling my windows and blowing through my hair, making it a tangled mess, but I love it. With the changing weather, my mood has also been changing for the better—at least for today—and that is a good thing. The overcast skies remind me that cold weather and the holidays are soon approaching, and I couldn't be more ready. Though, I'm a little disappointed in the stubbornness of the changing of the leaves this year. The colors aren't as bold and bright as they have been in previous years—or maybe my mind is playing tricks on me, the past month or so affecting the vibrancy of everything around me.
Get a critique partner/group.
The good that I’m getting out of this (as well as some as my friends, whether they realize it or not) is that we’re changing our perceptions. Next time we hear a story like this in the news, we’ll have to remember that the villain has friends and family too.
Cut the chicken into strips 3/4" to 1" wide.
Here’s how it goes:
And last but by no means least - it's the second (and final) week of our DT Call. If you would like to be part of a friendly, relaxed team and you can answer 'yes' to the following questions:
And this change comes from fear and shame. This change means teachers and parents don't have to discuss America's past another bit extra than they already don't discuss it now. It's part of the whole 'Oh, Slavery was so long ago - why even Huckleberry Finn has 'respectful' terminology. So why bring up possible present day effects'
Other hand sanitizers, because of the alcohol base are toxic and flammable. Prefense is safe and non-toxic, so it is safe even for your kids to use.
Let’s face it, South Africa has become a hell hole for white people, the constitution bare no relevance when your skin is white. By daring to utter this statement, I will be labelled a racist. If only the world could wake-up to the lies and open their eyes. We are alone!
So my plan for the next two weeks is to work on the SFX transitions, and complete Minos. I will be pondering on how our animation will flow well, and will be testing wonderful and exciting things. Alllriiight.
My mum and dad visited this week which was lovely, and mum showed me her pattern for a tea cosy. I choose some lovely rowan wool from my stash in purple and green and knitted the Joanne Tea Cosy for my wee granny for mothers day. I found a lovely green and purple ribbon from John Lewis to finish it off. I might knit one for myself!
This is not something that Katie will just grow out of. She has an absolute dislike of these types of things. It is complete sensory overload for her. Yes, she will learn to cope with it, but this kind of stuff is ALWAYS going to be a challenge for her. Even though she knows having her ears cleaned and her earrings changed doesn’t hurt. Even though she WANTS it done, it is a huge source of stress for her, yet she doesn’t want to give up her pierced ears. “Normal” kids may have issues like this the first time or two it happens, but eventually they get over it. Ours won’t.
Good morning! what a lovely week we're having, I dont want it to end! I always feel so much more inspired to create when it's lovely outside and I can have the sun streaming into my craft room!
Who doesn’t love the idea of a makeover? Whether it’s a personal makeover, a financial makeover or an organizational makeover, most people seem to like the idea of taking something that they have and use on a daily basis and improving on it and getting rid of the things that don’t work. Look through any number of magazines or cable channels and you are bound to see some sort of article or show “doing” a makeover. As I said, who doesn’t love a makeover?
In all the television and film adaptations except one, Jane Eyre is beautiful. So is Mr Rochester. We are okay living with uglies, but how many of us can stand looking at one on-screen? Occasionally there are ugly characters on television, but the story revolves around their ugliness, because there is no way people can treat an ugly person like they were normal. It might be sad, but we all like a little eye candy, don’t we? Besides, if Jane were ugly on-screen, then we’d need six different characters telling her she were ugly, and that would seem strangely out-of-place.
2. In a 9x13 glass baking dish layer noodles, white sauce with chicken, then cheese. Repeat steps, ending with mozzarella cheese on top. Bake at 350 degrees for 35-45 minutes.
products that work wonderfully together to make some fabulous designs.
Judge others as you would like to be judged…it will improve your compassion level I am sure!
I got an email the other day from a woman getting married next spring and she was trying to find a pair of shoes with a specific design. She said she did a Google search but she couldn't find anything that fit what she was looking for.
Hugs to you all. I'll try to stop by tomorrow and leave YOU ladies some long overdo love as well. And if anyone figures out how to add more hours in a day, please share how you did it with me.
When we disciple someone in the way of the Great Commission we take that person from salvation’s occurrence, to public profession, and then into an intimate teaching relationship, so as to teach them all that Jesus commanded us. This will require changing of schedules, denial of personal wants, and sharing your home/food/family as you become the living demonstration of Jesus’ teaching. Though this is a daunting task, we are reassured with Jesus’ final words, “and behold, I am with you always to the end of the age.” (Matthew 28:20b)
Lightsabers, cocky space pirates, kleptomaniacal swamp-dwelling grammatically incorrect goblins, dashingly handsome cape-wearing Sith Lords and, of course, the Death Star.
Old time hockey and Eddie Shore may have taken a back seat to the mayhem of the Charlestown Chief's brand of hockey, but Ned Braden (Michael Ontkean) had his own idea of how to fire up the crowd when he performed a strip tease on ice and skated off with the trophy clad in only his skates and his jock strap.
I went for a massage yesterday.
This last week, during performances, we have had the lights brought up on set too soon, so we were still on stage doing a reset, a door on the set broke and wouldn't open at an important moment, and a large scenery truck decided to get stuck fast so we couldn't move it onto the stage. More troubling than the doll's legs, but still, we kept calm and carried on, because that is what you do.
So here's a layout I made for the sketch challenge over at Let's Get Sketchy! What I love about this layout is, I pretty much forced myself to use only what I had sitting out on my extremely messy desk. I had tons of scraps from recent projects, little flowers and embellishments strewn everywhere...So I challenged myself to use what I had sitting out, instead of making more of a mess! The whole time I was putting this together...I kept thinking, "this is all wrong...everything clashes!" But in the end, I think I was quite successful in pulling all the colors together. It's quite the accomplishment, to me, to make Jillibean Soup, My Mind's Eye, and Echo Park all "work" on one layout!
The month-long restrictions, which come into force on July 16, cover as far north as Stansted, south to Weymouth, east to the Thames estuary and west to Oxford.
Friday, September 19th
Hi everyone! This is Dakota and I am pleased to introduce you to a new friend of mine. Meet Julie Lancaster, the creator, owner and brilliant designer of Off The Cuff Stuff For Pets a site that features one-of-a-kind, handmade -by- Julie accessories and clothes for pets!
An endless list of Bond classics!
strawberry jam to give them a jewel-like finish, and sprinkle toasted sliced almonds around the tart’s edge. This pretty, spring tart has all the flavor of the original cheesecake, but it’s a lot easier to make, leaving more time to enjoy this lovely spring weather we’ve been having. And it also makes a wonderful dessert to honor Mom on her special
Thorndike originally coined the term Social Intelligence in 1920 and was referring to a person’s ability to understand and manage other people and to engage in adaptive social interactions.
I was looking through some old college pictures today and I came across this one from our sophomore year. Not only is Anna wearing her signature smile, but the angel wings made me burst into tears all over again. If anyone in this world deserves to be an angel...its Anna.
To bring this to conclusion, I feel your article shows that you and many CAMRA members are still in a mindset that was relevant in the early 1970s - to illustrate, in the very first paragraph, you make reference to Spitfire aircraft in the last world war. This outlook reflects a generational attitude which CAMRA could do well to distance itself from should they wish to continue in any meaningful fashion for another 40 years."
So, I guess I'll end by saying I am at peace now. I know that Jetta will always be in my life, not exactly in the capacity that I thought she would, but I love her with all my heart and will continue to provide for her until it's her time to go. I have a definite answer and can move forward knowing that I did all I could for her with all the resources we could find.
I hope you enjoy my insight in the book of James through Beth Moore’s study- James: Mercy Triumphs!
Elli is a little skeptical of Shea, but he knows that they were meant to be together, and he needed her in his life. But Elli just doesn’t understand what Shea could see in her. She is overweight, loud, and not even that pretty, so why would someone so gorgeous and so amazing want to be with her? It seemed that no matter how hard she tried to shake Shea off, he wasn’t going anywhere, and for the first time Elli didn’t feel alone.
We decide to have a picnic on the deck. Miss A, Blue Monkey and Black Rat find a "Big Kids Table".
Then a repeat question: If Democratic primary were held tomorrow, who would I vote for?
Blog Administrator
Mukul Agarwala, 37, New York, N.Y.
prohibited by law. We also allow readers, authors, and publishers to express their views freely about these titles and other products we offer on our website.
I have written about my daughter before (and here). This morning I turned on our home computer to listen to music and found her homework on the screen. What I read made me sob with pride. With her permission, I am sharing it here.
As they share the same dialect and culture as local Chinese, they will have fewer problems integrating into Singapore society as compared to Chinese from far-flung inland provinces who come from a completely alien world altogether.
modern cars, cars as a whole,
And what book would you choose for one that never made it? Mine would be Doris Lessing’s The Grass is Singing (1950) which I haven’t read for years but which still resonates with me. But perhaps like Julian Barnes’s narrator in The Sense of an Ending… ‘What you end up remembering isn’t always the same as what you have witnessed.’
Step 1 - Make a template like you see below. Not 100% sure how to describe this little sucker. I started with a 2" x 2" square of card board. I cut 2 slits about a 1/4" from the top on the right and left side. Then I cut a slit in the center of the bottom. Last - a large notch was cut out of the right side about half an inch from the top that extends just past the middle.
So although my book LOOKING FOR JJ was read widely in the last couple of years it doesn't mean that the new wave of teens will automatically know about me or my work.
The meatball recipe came to me from my father, a man well known for colorful description. The words “add 17 peas” or “stir in one mouthful of water” sometimes crop up in these handwritten instructions, along with comments like “too good for kids” and “your mother eats this by the handful”.
This picture was taken today at Buttermere Lake in the Lake District. Because the road was so narrow, with nowhere to pull over and cars trailing behind, I took this out of the window of our moving car. Not bad, I think.
My first boy arrived home a couple of days before Christmas with lots of stories and funny moments and a gigantic hug for us all. In most of the photos he looks genuinely happy, reveling in the fun of exploring a new place away from home. I am glad that he felt secure enough to leave us, remembering the littler boy who never wanted to leave my side, even at the playground.
Carminic Acid – See Carmine.
The contrary argument is that these are not “benefits” of the sort contemplated by the case law on Constitution s 51(xxxi) but rather the specific incidents of general regulation in the public interest that the case law is careful to distinguish from a “corresponding benefit”. The sorts of benefits the High Court (with the possible exceptions of Deane and Gaudron JJ) sees as “corresponding benefits” are quantifiable for a start e.g. there is an obvious actual or potential dollar value to the Commonwealth extinguishing a debt (Mutual Pools), cause of action in tort (Georgiadis, Mewett) or a mining lease (Newcrest). Moreover, if it were accepted that the sort of diffuse general public benefits described in the BATA submissions satisfied the High Court’s requirement for a “corresponding benefit” flowing from an extinguishment of property rights, then the Australian approach to Constitution s 51(xxxi) would be essentially indistinguishable from the US Supreme Court’s approach to the “takings clause”. Almost by definition any legislation involves a putative public benefit and could potentially be described in terms not dissimilar to those in BATA’s submissions. It is unlikely that the High Court would countenance such an approach.
Recently I bought a book called The Doctors Book on Home Remedy. It's a good book and I think it is a should have a copy kind of book. Allow me to share with you some tips on how to treat minor burns i.e first and second degree burns.1st or 2nd degree burns includes scalds from boiling water, burns caused by brief contact with hot pot,oven coils and splatters of hot oil during frying etc.
as the grand-mother who inspired it.
“They’re criminals, so they have a cunning way of approaching you. They study you all day.”
by Polly Teale
In my four years of blogging I rarely do any video blogs or tutorials, so when GHD asked me to do a hair tutorial, I immediately took them up! They're a great place to buy hair products online. Check out my how-to to get this boho, beachy summertime hair & makeup look for yourself!
Cool them in the tins long enough to be able to run a knife around the edges to remove them for further cooling (about 10 minutes). If you can't get them out for fear of breaking them, then make sure they aren't sticking to the pan and remove them when they have cooled completely.
Step 4: Open up a terminal app and type in the following command:
“Careful over there, there’s a slippery spot. Don’t wear socks in that room. You need to put on your cleats.”
Using a G hook and Caron Simply Soft
Me with my cousin Claire. She lives in Boston so I don't get to see her that often. She is 9 years younger than me but a foot taller than me (I am the shortest person in my entire extended family and I am 5'6). Claire knits beautifully and owns an Etsy shop called Tumble Tower.
Oh crap, did Chris Harrison drug my coffee? Let me ask the glowing sea otter sitting next to me. No? Okay, we’re good.
We decided at the very beginning of our day that there would be no video tapes or pictures and I really wish we would of filmed this. Once we all were piled into the pool we slowly started running and smashing into the sides of the pool to get it moving. Once it started sliding down the hill Phil realized that we were directly lined up with the tree. We couldn't see the pool before because the walls were so high but once we were heading downhill things became quite clear very quickly. We all tried to abandon ship but every time anyone tried to get up they fell back down because they were so drunk. We all seemed to realize at once how screwed we really were. Everyone was screaming by this point and Mark was even trying to pop the pool with his teeth to escape. As we smashed into the tree at full speed about 3 people flew out of the pool and went about 20 feet ahead into the shallow snow. Everyone else smashed into the side of the pool and I was on the second layer.
I ran some water in the sink ready to mop the floors, added in the usual bleach, washing up liquid, anti-bac combo and set the mop in it to get it ready. I ran upstairs to get the girls PJ’s ready for bedtime, then came back down and walked into the kitchen to mop the floor. I rang out the mop and cleaned the mud of the floor. Still not sounding too odd to you, this is where it all goes downhill.
Chinga a tu madre. If you can’t tell he’s Puerto Rican after reading that you’ve never been to New York!
Was an extra in a music video
There is, of course, another kind of horror. A horror that not only doesn't make use of the supernatural but denies the supernatural. This other kind of horror may feature psychos, wife-beaters or crack addicts huddled under the glare of sodium lamps. It may be miserablist in nature, or it may be even more pessimistic and depressing than that. Some of this sort of horror might be characterised as existentialist. In other words, it is concerned with existence as it actually is (or seems to be), stripped of faith, hope and the consolations of metaphysics.
Second Quarter: NBA
Oh, the raptures, the joys, the fantastical splendor.
Just a quick apology for the lack of posts recently; I'm feeling a tad overwhelmed on the work side of things.
From the hot, sandy beaches to the crumbled, torn-up sidewalks, experiencing SE Asia is a challenge to even the healthiest feet! The concrete in Bangkok goes on forever. But in Malaysia, it’s a miracle to walk down any sidewalk without falling in a hole or tripping on an uneven sidewalk. Penang is simply the worst – I could never look up when walking in Penang – I always had to look at the sidewalk! The holes and loose bricks and uneven walkways were a constant threat! And the feel of icy cold water everywhere during Songkran in Chiang Mai – wow! The winner though, hands down, is the feeling of motion here. The ferries, trains, buses and minivans are not for the faint of heart! Dramamine is my friend!!
We are very lucky to live in his time. Seamus Heaney is one of the greatest living poets today in the English language and his words will last and last.
After what seemed like two days of work, in my lexicon of terms anyway, making appointments, shooting, shopping, cooking, a dinner out, and with cleaning remaining, I would have thought I could put more than four hours of sleep together. And, before long, I may well hit the bunk again. To bed just before 20:00 and up by midnight, if I did hit the dirt pretty hard. I remember getting into bed, getting comfortable, thinking about rolling over... I don't know if I ever did roll. *bam* Love sleep like that.
- To balance all of the tartness, I used a bit more chopped apple - 2 smallish ones. I don't know what kind of apple they were, since they were from my farm box, but they were fairly sweet.
We learned kelp is an algea that provides iodine, and iodine is responsible for regulating hormones in the thyroid. Asian cultures had almost no deficiency of iodine due to their sea-based diets, but Europeans had it so often, women were painted with goiters as a sign of beauty.
South Hampton Double White
You heard it here first: This is the year Phil Smith goes down in the Lowell City Tournament. Six in a row broke Parigian’s record last year, so Phil’s motivation has got to be low. His family is taking up more of his time and there are some young guns out there who have him in their sights. But I think it will be one of the veterans who gets the job done. Dates for the Cities: June 27 Vesper, June 29 Mt. Pleasant, June 30 Long Meadow…
So, we decided to work with this agency, Community Youth Services, to become licensed foster parents. We are in the process of getting licensed - a process that seems fast and slow at the same time. There are many ducks to be lined up, but we are close to the end.
We, the Rakyat, wanted our voice heard.
I was asked by the Deputy Head of Rory's former primary school, Ayscoughfee Hall, where I'm still a governor, to help them with the staff Christmas Panto. Of course, I said, I'd be happy to be involved.
1/2 cup (2 ounces) freshly grated Parmesan cheese
Interestingly, the "brain's right hemisphere plays an essential role in understanding and appreciating humor," psychologist Daniel Pink finds from studying neuroscience research. Incongruity often enters into humor. Not too surprisingly, the brain's logical left side does not deal with surprise and incongruity well, Pink adds.
12. (announcer)
In other words, they thought…that David would not be able to dealing with the disappointment of losing his child. Yes…his DREAMS WERE SHATTERED. But David himself was not shattered. His world underneath his feet has been shaken, but HIS HEART had remained steadfast. He also understood that even though he could not change the heart of God in the matter, he could touch the heart of God in WORSHIP.
If you want to write to your Member of Parliament or your Senator or the President or the Prime Minister, by all means, go ahead. If you want to post about Joseph Kony’s crimes on Facebook, go ahead. But let’s keep it about Joseph Kony, not KONY 2012.
Fear of losing energy. Sometimes, when I have a lot of ideas and I want to do a lot of things, or when I'm traveling, I lose energy and I can't do as many things as I want. So I have to plan days when I'm not doing anything. I find that a bit boring, but it's necessary.
2 Tbsp freshly squeezed lemon juice
Without a human rights framework, people become the objects of government policies and practices, rather than empowered, unique, and autonomous rights holders. Development practices designed with normative human rights standards in mind enable people living in poverty to be the subjects actively working their way out of poverty.
The universe conspires to help not hurt...as long as that's what we believe...
Nita Jane Ayres
I am like one of those crazy new moms that posts a hundred pics of their kid at every single stage and thing they do, but I am posting pics of my garden every time it does something! LOL My garden is my new baby :)
In his review for Shades of Milk and Honey, Aidan Moher questioned why magic didn’t seem to be used for more practical things than glamour, which covers all sorts of sensory illusions. Having read his review, I kept my eye out for just this thing, and I came to a different conclusion. Glamour—and, indeed, magic—appears to be largely a feminine art, as Kowal often describes it in terms similar to needlework; for instance, it’s composed of folds pulled from the ether and, in one scene, Jane picks out the stitches her sister has done wrong. In fact, it’s explicitly described as one of the feminine arts in the novel, as well as useless on the battlefield. This isn’t to say that it’s a solely female art; Mr. Ellsworth knows some rudimentary warming spells, the two cold-mongers (working-class glamourists) we encounter are male, and a one Mr. Vincent is the best glamourist we encounter in the novel. But while a young lady is expected to know glamour, it’s not a steady source of income, like most artistic endeavors at the time; Mr. Vincent lives an itinerant lifestyle unsuited to family life, as he himself says. I’m interested to know if this is a magical gender gap—women are just more likely to be proficient at magic than men—or a socialized one—men simply aren’t encouraged or are even discouraged to pick it up, and, perhaps, this is the source of magic not being used for more publicly practical purposes. I hope Kowal is inclined to return to her version of Regency England soon; I’d love to read more.
With apologies to my vegetarian friends. Promote Links where ever you are promoting yourself. Put in the link when you are posting content. You need to remember that when you are posting content to promote your self, you want to post the links back to your website, your social media sites or the sites where people can purchase your songs, your albums and your merchandise.
“I’m your mother.”
Marcus Coates
this week flew by but here’s a quick week in review of my outfits. AND i’m so happy that SF is finally getting some summer heat this weekend…yay!
17.Slim Ducket And Pig Norwood / I Want To Go Where Jesus Is
Looks like, GuerillaLighting just started. Nevertheless I’m pretty sure their will be more to see soon!
Next on the agenda is a digital-to-analogue converter, to be referred to using the acronym DAC. What is a DAC? In simple terms, it accepts a numerical value between zero and a maximum value (digital) and outputs a voltage between the range of zero and a maximum relative to the input value (analogue). One could consider this to be the opposite of the what we use the function analogRead(); for. For our example we will use a Microchip MCP4921 (data sheet.pdf):
I don't know why he has such an early nap, especially since he gets tired in the late afternoon. Not tired enough to nap, mind you, but tired enough to act out, not listen & hit me. Good times.
Now I am off to research some Irish clan tartans, and I still want to do a few which reflect holiday traditions in other countries. I also have my eye on some new Asian snow scenes.
I imagined a place abandoned abruptly and without a backward glance and wept silent tears for it.
This leads me to the final point I want to discuss today — the rigorous standards and process of review to which we hold ourselves today when considering and authorizing strikes against a specific member of al-Qa’ida outside the “hot” battlefield of Afghanistan.
Ferrari have been open throughout the year in stating they lack downforce and struggle to get heat into the tyres. The former issue hurts pace on faster turns, while the latter has the combined effect of lost pace on harder tyres and poor single lap qualifying pace.
My work today will be to frame them, and then they'll be ready to hang!!
How I would love a Porch Swing. As you know I do have a lot of porches but the only one that has a roof where I could put a swing, my husband says would not support one. I am not giving up! I love the look of them. They make some nice new ones but I do love the idea of making one out of architectual finds or from old chair and benches like these two.
More is learned about the Sensorites when the action moves to their planet below, the Sense-Sphere. It turns out they’re just as afraid of the humans as the humans are of them, and the more the story explores the Sensorites, the less alien they become, despite the fact that they’re telepathic, afraid of the dark and loud noises, and most peculiar of all, they’re unable to tell each other apart - ideas that aren’t ever taken to any kind of proper conclusions. New mysteries pop up on the Sense-Sphere, as well as some fine character development for Susan, who gets some good stuff in this piece, including an exploration of her own telepathic powers, an aspect of Gallifreyans that got minimal play on the original series, but Davies explored further with the Tenth Doctor. One of the great Susan moments of this serial is in its final episode, “A Desperate Venture,” when she speaks of her home planet, of which she says, “At night the sky is a burnt orange, and the leaves on the trees are a bright silver!” Years
“Why not, you can’t leave Amelia alone with your brother. He’s a cad.” And Dane just said they were cool?
"This is a very small, simple example of how we can simply stop a problem that would cripple one of your airports," Sela said.
to divert,
But Sen. Tom Coburn, Oklahoma Republican and a top taxpayer watchdog, said avoiding the Internet means giving up a valuable anti-fraud weapon — one that he said even federal courts have relied upon in some disability cases.
The Prophet of Zek
Tomatoes not only have different sizes of tomatoes, but there are different sizes of plants and growth habits. Determinate tomatoes don't get very large compared to indeterminate ones. Determinate tomatoes branch out and at the end of the vine they set a terminal bud. As soon as the plant sets fruit they quit growing and put their effort into ripening those tomatoes. Pruning determinate tomatoes will result in low fruit set since the fruit itself is set at the end of the vine. There is also a form of this that is called semi-determinate. These will form terminal buds, but the plant will keep on sending out side branches, so fruit keeps getting set. Usually for a home gardener, you want to get fruit over a long period of time. If you do you can plant varieties that become ripe at different times. Many people like the short manageable size of determinates. They tend to only get 3-4 feet high. Or if you like to can your tomatoes, having all your fruit becoming ripe at the same time is a bonus as it is easier to process everything at once.
The program takes place just down from where I grew up, my old neighborhood. Though I never attended Head Start I know people who have benefited from the program, both children and adults.
Geek Husband: (Reddish and Profusely sweating and stammering) ehhhh…errr… really …2.0?
Most of all, look at this writing experience with an open mind. Sometimes the questions will be hard...and require some thought. That is a good thing. Other times it will be easy. You can add photos, or whatever you like to your post. It is about you after all. ~ Thanks for joining me.....I hope you enjoy this each week.
Last week, I took my son to a long-awaited night at a museum event. We spent the night, along with a slew of other kids that he didn’t know, except one. He was oh.so.excited. They had a presentation and he asked a lot of questions. He likes to clarify rules — maybe it’s irritating to some, but I don’t know, I’d rather he get the clarification he needs rather than just wonder and break a rule, which would have far worse consequences. He also likes to punctuate rules with “Wow. Okay.” or “What?” It’s not disruptive, it’s not over the top, it’s just a far cry from the kid who wouldn’t go to a public event or speak up if he did. I’ll take this BB over the BB of several years ago. If I’d been next to him, I’d have nudged him, but to make a scene by ‘excuse me..excuse me..excuse me..’ to walk up the only aisle, in the middle of the seats, to get to him and tell him to hush? Humiliation and more disruption. I was in the back, where parents usually sit, again, trying to do the right thing.
Yesterday morning we attended a farewell playdate for Landon, organized by some moms in his class. I'm so glad they thought of it. It was low key and simple, with fruit and juice and crackers, and a perfect way to spend some time with these parents we've been seeing at drop-off and pick-up and a million birthday parties over the past 3 years. We chatted and laughed and let the kids run amok under our intermittent supervision.
Wednesday, April 13th - 11 a.m. - Close
According to Michigan Supreme Court spokeswoman Marcia McBrien, the first anyone at the Supreme Court heard of the allegations was in August of 2011.
Recommended for fans of poor girl/rich boy relationship dynamics, extremely pretty people, and outrageous but entirely entertaining situations; must be able to overlook major breaks in continuity from original story.
17.Make eye contact with everyone. If you are in a meeting or giving a presentation, make it a point to make eye contact with each one of the people involved (unless it’s a packed house and physically impossible to do).
Meanwhile, prepare the stir-frying ingredients. 4 shiitake mushrooms, soften in water overnight, sliced. 2 scallions, separate the white and green part, diagonally sliced, reserve the green part for garnish. 1 big shallot or 2 small, sliced. 2 Tbsp. dried shrimps, soften in water, drain.
No more help for Yankees?
I am pleased to announce that I will be back on the radio with Acceleration Radio a week from today, Thursday – 7 to 9 pm (CST) We have had a steady stream of emails asking when the show would return and now, thanks to CJ and the staff at LBN, we are proud to be part of their line up.
Yo-Yo Ma is not someone I tend to think of as a creative person. He’s a performer, albeit a technically brilliant performer. But if you’ve heard as many recordings of Beethoven’s Fifth Symphony as I have you’ll be well aware that a great performance involves a lot more than simply getting all the notes in the right order. Still what’s he doing in a book on creativity?
Thurs (yoga) Burrito leftovers
So, unless you’re a beer collector, skip this one. This stuff pours with a pitiful head and insignificant beading. Little wonder Moe keeps it in the back room. The only up side is that the price runs about a buck a bottle…or about 10 times the 1933 price!
This clearly does not refer to procreation in terms of Jesus being conceived by the Holy Spirit; so we should expect to see some other nuances involved in the New Testament concept of divine sonship.
Tuesday, December 27, I will put all the names in a wide mouth canning jar and draw the winner out randomly... I will then post the name on the Canning Granny Facebook Page ... the winner will have 48 hours to email me at canninggranny@gmail.com with their Name and Mailing Address. Should I NOT hear from the winner, I will draw another name on Thursday, December 29 and post THAT name on Facebook as well.
I guess you could say that in a way this photo represents my long-distance relationship with this remarkable woman; I only know her through the photos I’ve seen and the words of others.
Smuttynose Old Dog Brown Ale 6.5%
Okay...so maybe not THAT extreme....But close;)
I'm gutted. I love my Sunday mornings on the wireless and if I'm going to miss one I'd at least like the luxury of a lie in. It seems I can't have that either. I have an illness that makes lying down more painful. Go me.
another girlfriend saying that ‘everyone wants a piece of me’.
Send this praise to flailing, illusory devils
At the moment I am absolutely loving Instagram. Instagram in a photo sharing app for I phone. You can use it to add nostalgic effects to your photos, creating something really beautiful.
"Where the fuck do they get those clothes? All the fucking same."
We always have room at our seder table for one more guest.
No one from the Post Office would comment yesterday. Its executives have been trying to clean up its image by improving systems, and reported a 69% reduction in theft last year.
Date published - October 15th 2011
Harold Melton
Now there’s a statement to stop me in my nappy changing tracks. And why would he have come to this conclusion?
When the bag is mixed thoroughly well, drop your chicken into the bag and seal it. Move the chicken around through the bag and make sure that all the pieces get coated well.
Unfortunately, I have discovered that Cathy is quite cutthroat about sewing contests, once even suggesting we send Laura Mae wool knit containing moth larvae. I think the modeling industry makes you this way, frankly; there's so much backstabbing it's practically ballet.
And Caused such Damage to the State
It was great to talk to someone who is 84 and retains a passionate and expert interest in cookbooks and she still loves to delve into them. But she is also hip with Michael Pollan and agrees with a lot of what he says. She has no time for gladiatorial cooking on TV or celebrity chefs unless they are like Rick Stein and really know their stuff. If she had to eat out she would still choose French cuisine which she has always loved.
And then on Friday, I finally found a shirt to go with all of my highlighter yellow accessories I have acquired thus far. Oh yeah, I am blindingly sexy in this one. Emphasis on the “blindingly” part.
You can never be the best. You can always be better.
It's great to share your blog with everyone, but it's also fun just to look around. Even if you don't have a blog, you can find a wealth of great people willing to share their talents.
But I would not have you to be ignorant, brethren, concerning them which are asleep, that ye sorrow not, even as others which have no hope. For if we believe that Jesus died and rose again, even so them also which sleep in Jesus will God bring with him. For this we say unto you by the word of the Lord, that we which are alive and remain unto the coming of the Lord shall not prevent them which are asleep. For the Lord himself shall descend from heaven with a shout, with the voice of the archangel, and with the trump of God: and the dead in Christ shall rise first: Then we which are alive and remain shall be caught up together with them in the clouds, to meet the Lord in the air: and so shall we ever be with the Lord. Wherefore comfort one another with these words.
I have a good laugh at the colloquial and now seemingly outdated turn of phrase Captain Munro has, with expressions like: "He's out to the wide," and, "They descended like swallows in the spring." When the Doctor and Liz first meet, Katie points out that Liz's sideburns match the Doctor's. We briefly discuss Pertwee's penchant for stunts and how even in his very first episode he gets a chase scene in a wheelchair. At the end of the first episode Katie is shocked that they shot the Doctor and compares it to when David Tennant's Doctor gets his arm cut off in his first adventure, The Christmas Invasion, noting, "If David Tennant can grow a new arm, Jon Pertwee can get shot and survive." Unfortunately the bullet only grazed him so we'll never know if he would have survived something more serious.
-pockets & tights: olive green, 5767-T, 617-T
I wanted to swim, but it was getting late and cold, so I sat on the beach, looking out over the ocean and meditated for an hour or so, in case anyone came and to calm down the rather novel and unexpected sense of anxiety I had been feeling that evening. After an hour or so, I managed to separate my legs, and as the sensation returned to them, stood, did a little yoga, and began to head for home. Being a strange boy, (hehe) I decided to take a run rather than walk, hoping that burning excess energy would be the panacea for my mind, and so I ran and ran and ran, the streets and trees disappearing behind me, body settling into rhythm climbing up hills and through gateways, down small streets and past roses. It was a beautiful run, cold night air, peacefully settled into the grace of motion and freedom, euphoria.
I would also like to challenge myself to have one Victorian author to focus on for each month of 2012. I will post something about that author each month and will read, listen, or watch something related to that author as well. Fellow challenge goers can join me if they would like, or can take the challenge in any direction that they choose. I had a poll in November to help pick the twelve Victorian authors readers of this blog were most interested in focusing on and the following authors were picked:
Shane Yuhas loves his wife. He also loves to take photos of her every day of their marriage and post them on his blog. This type of project hits at my heart because it is a devotion to another human being that makes the project live and last. His style of creating a daily diptych allows us to see the model and the landscape of their life together.
christmas eve night was spent playing santa's elves and I think that was the highlight of mine & tim's christmas. this time of year truly is better with the little ones around.
What happens when there’s light in a dark place, even a little? Suddenly, many can see to walk from here to there. Imagine having to walk in the darkness from A to B for centuries, and suddenly there is a light on the path. There is no fear about the unknown when you can see in front of you! You’re free to unify, since you can see that the others are just like you! You’re free to have ideas. You’re free to have knowledge.
Level 5: MP Cost: 22, Damage: 235%, Number of Attacks: 4, 15% to inflict darkness on the enemy and lower it’s accuracy by 5% for 50 seconds. The last attack is critical.
The nozzle is adjustable so you can control the flow - loved that! The liquid isn't as thick as glue so controlling the flow is important.
Gano
3. Take the hotdog out of your nose.
Karl: we did that?
But I knew my friends would be -insert wicked grin- so I chose, rather unwisely, I might add (but, hey, I was only 9) to share this nugget in whispered exchanges with a few rapt madrassah classmates. Girls, naturally! What do you take me for?
So feelings and emotions in an image, so often discarded yet so essential!
“There’s not the awareness that if you want to work in the environmental sector, you need to have some scientific and engineering technical skills,” he says. “You can still make a difference, you can still change the world, but you have to do the work that’s required and that’s really science based.”
Saul spent three days in prayer, continually seeking Spiritual understanding. God answered that prayer. How eager are you to have similar Spiritual understanding? Prepare yourself with prayer and seek the fulfillment of Ephesians 3:4.
I paid a second visit to Baker Street Pub with my brother-in-law later in my stay and as we watched the Denver/Dallas football game I enjoyed a glass of the Baker Street Nut Brown ale, which smells a bit of maple or molasses and tastes great. This one would be too sweet to pound as a session beer. During the same stop I had a glass of Paulaner Hefeweizen, which arrived a cloudy light yellow color with no citrus attached per my instructions to the bartend-ress (who very kindly asked me if I wanted an orange or lemon). This hefe tastes vaguely of Hoegaarden but not as bad.
So, as I was in Palm Sunday mass, and I was getting over my bad mood, I was seriously hit in the face with this question: am I going to enter His gates with thanksgiving? Or am I going to reject Jesus like a Pharisee?
Last week I was asked by a friend and fellow photographer, Laura Evans to do a guest post on "inspiration" on her blog while she is away in France...
8.) Kevin Watson - Also a big help with Wesleyan discipleship. Like Steve above, Kevin has a great book on the subject.
The art blogging world is RICH with talented, giving people who truly give a "damn" about keeping art in the world as a viable profession. Thank you for ALL of your inspiration.
See you tonight at Kagin for Up In Arms.
Even if I did though, I still have an entire cabinet that's empty on the bottom to put them in.
Last month most of the countries that occupy the Nile’s headwaters signed an agreement granting themselves greater control of the river and removing a colonial-era veto, held by Egypt for more than 50 years, over how it is used. Ethiopia, Kenya, Rwanda, Tanzania and Uganda have already signed up, disregarding a refusal by Egypt and its ally, Sudan, to co-operate. Burundi and the Democratic Republic of Congo are expected to follow.
The big idea, however, was not so much the above, but rather how the whole thing, existing services plus various other new elements, could be presented to end-users. The big idea was to automatically produce personalised websites for users of Intute (which could have been known as the POG (Personalised Online Gateways)). These would have personalised URLs, preloaded subject content and emphasis depending on the user’s subject background, a facility for each user to write a blog within his/her MOG (My Online Gateway), a facility to enable discussions with other users in similar subject areas, a facility to bookmark items/websites/papers within the MOG, and more. Some people are still suggesting similar ideas.
If you want to know how to wait on God, then take John Waller’s song to heart.
** ““the false opinion of the motion of the Earth…”
At this point, viewers see Eastwood in the light. "And how do we win? Detroit is showing us it can be done,. And what's true about them is true about all of us. This country can't be knocked out with one punch." To conclude, a close-up of Eastwood fills the screen. "We get right back up again and when we do the world is going to hear the roar of our engines. Yeah, its halftime America and our second half is about to begin."
Non-metal post and a quickie, here's a single promo track from Greece's Lamentation which was later renamed Nachtkaiser and featured Der Stürmer personnel. This track was also released later under Nachtkaiser monicker on a compilation tape, which I haven't heard so I don't know if it's the same recording or different somehow. Anyways, this one I got from my trader around 1997 I think.
But, where is this choice-making power supposed to come from? How does power get distributed, how do some of us pour ourselves a bowl of cereal like it's nothing, and how do others (like my friend) forget to eat for days?
I wonder sometimes if the church forgets how simple that is. We are his workmanship, saved by grace, and we preach the written word and live the testimony of the living word. We live by grace, we love, we share, we build, we pray for peace and if need be we die for others. If the world doesn’t find Christ in us, it surely will not find him because his name is etched into a 2,000-year-old piece of limestone that may or may not have belonged to his relative. It would not find him in the Shroud of Turin.
UNSTOPPABLE.
Apply Vibrant Retro Materials
“I am a way-shower to the mighty Source of All”
I feel quite vaguely optimistic about this new year. Okay, so I've had to work mostly through the Christmas and New Year, with no signs of things easing up for another few weeks. Incessant overtime does not suit my indolent nature. And Simon has just gone off on a nearly-7-week holiday without me. Sad!
Come out to play when you are hurt?
as shown in the picture.
I'm enjoying my bike rides. I take my camera and try to be more aware of the smells, beauty, and people that I see.
Sorry I've been neglecting you in lately, I've been very busy. Not only I have been helping my Mom with her apartment renovations that have been going on all week (changing windows, tearing down a wall and all kinds of similar "fun" work)but I also had some Spring cleaning to do in my own place. Things like putting in new air-condition system, dealing with flood in my bathroom and trying to fix super-slow internet connection. I've been also working late nights on some commissions and missing sleep.
“Harry?”
The second reason it is unfortunate the show failed to mention the fact that Chloe is male is that this is yet another instance where outrageous male behavior is being reported as female behavior. As I said before, when a “woman” was reported to be living her life as an “adult baby”, messing herself and selling porn about it (and “she” turned out to be a dude): when you hear about a female doing something really wack, or read about it in a newspaper or on a website, and it just “doesn’t sound right” to you: It’s probably a male transgender.
One of the most evil things the judiciary has done is to turn once pleasant Britain into a world centre for terrorists. They use Britain as a base to attack other countries from. Human Rights laws prohibit torture or degrading treatment so they stopped removing illegal immigrants, even suspected terrorists, to countries where judges thought or pretended such treatment was practised. In 2008 at least two terrorists were released early from prison!
The mouse loved the baits. LOVED them. He nibbled the squared corners until they were too rounded for him to bite. We supplied him with more bait, and he ate that too. Like candy! Every morning we would check the baits and they would be eaten. Every night we would lay out more. He was indestructible. He was everywhere and nowhere. He earned the nickname Taliban Mouse.
I’ve been thinking about this all day. How can I describe the manner in which the U5, or even U3 for that matter, products emulate the same feeling that a genuine male penis would? It’s in part because of its density, but largely its heat conductivity.
Have you all started your Christmas shopping yet?
I would change “about me”,
I feel like my peers are totally disregarding the fact that our kids will have to grow up in this financial/political mess and frankly, it makes me sick with worry! Yes, my future profession will help with this uncertainty and I feel a fiduciary duty to help future clients with their best interest in mind – but I feel that my peers need to educate themselves first i.e. they need the “base” knowledge of personal finance incorporated into their curriculum.
The story starts with his beauty,
The bidding starts today and will run until 8pm on the 2nd of December.
This not a new theory about autism, I believe it was first set out in a published journal paper in 2006. This theory appears to have some similarities with the “Intense World” theory of autism that was the creation of Henry Markram, Tania Rinaldi and Kamila Markram, and would explain the same sorts of phenomena that the intense world theory would explain. The theory also quite obviously brings to mind the popular idea that autistic people are “visual thinkers”, an idea which has been popularized by the autistic author Temple Grandin. I’m not sure if she was the original source of this idea.
We might write books that aren’t classified as Christian fiction. We might write books peppered with language and activity that we don’t consider fitting for believers. But if those are the only people we touch, then aren’t we attempting to heal those who are not sick? And if that’s the case, then who’s tending to the ill?
Thank you so much for allowing me time to voice my concerns. May the Lord bless you as you seek to do what is right for our nation and guide us to follow our constitution and founding principles.
Gates is such a good big brother still. He tries to be so helpful and will take it upon himself to go make bottles, (not a good thing, he makes a mess), he gives them his pacie, wants to hold them even though he isn’t that much bigger then them any more and will dance and sing for them to make them happy.
Where to begin.
<U+263A> Save it in a new folder, where you'll save also the background image. This passage makes easier the writing of the position of the image into the code.
Never mind. With the rate at which this murderous trend is growing, we’ll all be swept up in this craze by the end of the year. Going out killing is the new staying in! Forget your Pogs, football cards and foldable scooters, grab your nearest automatic weapon and meet me in the park. Last one standing gets to eat my liver!
When I was 15, Dad got paroled. I was thrilled! At last he and I would get a place to live and I would be with a parent who understood me. The first thing Dad had to do was get a job, which he did – in Montgomery (those long 60 miles away). Then he got a room, explaining that he would rent a house or apartment when he could afford it. Then demanded his parents get him a car, which they promptly did. We never lived together, but he came home on weekends and since I had my learners permit, we would go out driving. I would drive and he would drink, cautioning me not to let Mama know.
This is the first of many I'm sure.
While Martyn has abandoned God altogether, or has completely subverted Christian ideals to his own twisted ends, Blandine is in quest of a new definition of God. Ever since the incomprehensible tragedy of losing her parents and sister in a shipwreck, she no longer finds the idea of God as personal savior compelling. Blandine is a questing soul, searching for a new belief system, while Martyn has
Key Information 13
If the answer you can't coerce
Take a small amount of hot milk mixture:
Keziah was the second beautiful daughter of Job in the Book of Job. It’s a bit of a family name since it’s my Great-Great-Grandmother’s name. Our family didn’t know the correct spelling until I did some research so one of my cousins has Cassia as her second name, which is rather lovely too.
I don’t kbow what that …digital short was about. Th e guy wanted it to rain? Eh, what’s it? Whatever, I watched part of Tekken earlier on G4–which is a channel I didn’t know we got–and tje person who msot resembled a protagonist was cute. Wieird…there are moves of Tekken, Street Fighter, and Mortal Klombat. There should be a like a Marbevel v.s Capcom movie. It’d be almost as awesome as the Mariko movie.
Once in a lifetime means there’s no second chance, so I believe that you and me should grab it while we can. –High School Musical 2
March 3rd - Celebratory Picnic in Teignbridge.
She is my sunshine! - whenever i get a message from her on my voicemail, asking me to leave work to play with her, or her running into my arms ~ this little princess is my world! .. she can not get any sweeter, smarter, happier, or divine! - she is just a bottle of perfection! ~ i will be her Tinkerbell flier, fort maker, and secret teller for as long as i live! *promise*
Ignoring the statue, Sharia made a quick circuit of the chamber, sticking her nose down every corridor in hopes of detecting the scent of fresh desert air. Like earlier, none of the passages were promising: either choked with sand, dead of any breeze, scent or sign of life, or else they contained vile stenches that turned Sharia’s stomach and made her skin crawl. Returning to the corridor she arrived in, she could hear the far off ringing of footsteps approaching. She brushed away her footprints in the sand covered floor, then she walked with exaggerated steps toward the foulest smelling passage. Near the doorway, she pulled her knife and cut a buckle from her sandal. She tossed it into the doorway where it would be noticed, then ran to crouch behind the statue.
The first time I looked at you.
As a music consultant, I push to the artists I work with to dress to success, hype up the strengths but also let others see you for what they want on a higher level. For example, if you have a run of 3 dates a week for a full month and you are putting out there that you are listing your schedule for the month, that is a very impressive schedule. Now if you go and do the same thing and name it a tour, it is ok and while it might impress some friends and fans, the industry and industry folk, might actually see it as weak.
To get there, take the 210 Freeway to Altadena Drive. Head north about two miles, passing a park and several lights along the way. As you pass New York Drive, you'll see the entrance to Eaton Canyon Nature Center on your right. You might choose to park there and visit the nature center or take some of the nature trails down there. However, if your destination is Mount Wilson, continuing north will knock two miles off your hike.
Well, equally intriguing is the story of two of Haque’s hotel bosses allegedly on video “high-fiving each other and doing what looks like an extraordinary dance of celebration lasting some three minutes”. I’ve yet to establish the tape’s existence or the identity of the ‘bosses’, but two senior managers celebrating a guest’s demise while being in constant touch with French politicians/spooks would look very odd indeed….if proven.
As I previously wrote, but you didn’t see, was that the Artist’s way is a 12 week program for those who want to connect to their deeper artist self. I am on week one so still skeptical. It also works, supposedly, for those suffering writer’s block. It has writing assignments so at least it keeps you writing everyday.
This week, the new DiCaprio film “J.Edgar” is on release, which reminds me of Cohen’s great film of 1977, covering the same ground: “The Private Files of J.Edgar Hoover”. This must be seen, if for no other reason than the fact that it stars Broderick Crawford as Hoover. In addressing one of his FBI agents, he delivers the line, “You have a tendency to 5 o’clock shadow – shave twice a day”. Quite why this is brilliant coming from Crawford, I’m not sure – would it be as resonant from DiCaprio,though? The film has Dan Dailey as Clyde Tolson, Hoover’s (alleged) lover. The cast list, in fact, is full of famous names from the 50s.
Cocktails isn’t all that Socio Rehab serve though, with wines and beers including Heinekan, Moretti and Asahi available amongst an array of soft drinks. Next on the cocktail list for me however was a Culross which involves Bacardi Superior, Lillet, apricot liqueur and lemon juice. Served in a rather stunning gimlet, much to the envy of two fellow patrons, it was a fantastic end to a unfortunant brief visit.
SRM 15
Mainstream, traditional flipped-classroom advocates would have students doing their ‘homework’ in class time, assisted by their teacher who is now untethered from the whiteboard and able to work one-to-one with students, each completing individual self-paced work. It does make sense. If they are going to be completing individual homework anyway, this is better than doing so alone at night when there is no help available when they are stuck.
For the duration of the first two years at the IIS, GPISH students take a variety of courses in art, philosophy, religious studies, history and the social sciences. At the end of the first year, they have the opportunity to travel for an Arabic or Persian immersion programme, in order to assist them in studying primary academic sources in these languages.
For the record, Dole ran with President Gerald Ford as his vice presidential choice and together they lost to Jimmy Carter in 1976. Later he ran as the GOP candidate for president in 1996 and lost to Bill Clinton.
To think I'll never watch the door
In the appointment we discussed the results of the previous biopsy. They were able to confirm at this time that I have stage 4 non-small cell lung cancer that had spread to my shoulder blade, and the lymph nodes surrounding the right lung. Under most circumstances the patient would be given about a 5% survival rate. I think this got out and was mis-portrayed in a public forum. We'll come back to this...
Which is why to me the increasing calls for authors to get out there on the hustings with their work, and the opportunities that brings, are like a cleansing balsam restoring what I love to its proper place, reconnecting me with history.
Quite a tricky thing to write let alone read with a mirror must of been hard for Steve to do..But a great quirky strip see two more..
I, as Mayawati, would have simultaneously carried along with the “manuwadis” – the non-dalits – and would have cemented my position in the political landscape of my country. I would have ensured that my state became one of the most progressive and I would have felt extremely proud of my achievements. And, by fulfilling my roles and responsibilities as the chief minister of a highly gifted state, I would have paved my road towards the highest political seat of my country. India, with its elaborate spectrum of caste system, would have felt immensely proud of seeing me become the prime minister!
Surly Brewing Company Darkness
Inks: Chocolate Chip, Soft Suede, More Mustard, So Saffron
Gtube, inguinal hernia, Had BPD, cardiac problems, 1 kidney
Again: That's HUGE.
There is so much i need to do but i can’t concentrate on important things and play on ipad apps instead and get lost firing birds at green bear things for ages.
Please note that this is an informal briefing, and participants will be available for extended questions and discussions with the media. Lunch will be provided.
You know those people that are just not ‘sweets’ people? They could have their pick of anything they want and they would chose a bag of chips and salsa? Those people that don’t really care for chocolate or candy? They would rather eat an appetizer at a restaurant than get a dessert?
But they weren’t the only ones to find their way out of those labs. Following close behind are another breed of creature, one that doesn’t know the difference between right and wrong, who exist only to feed their own hunger. The appearance of a strange boy who seems too much like them to be a coincidence makes things even more confusing. But as the world begins to literally fall apart around them, Michaela must accept his help, especially when she could lose the very thing she holds dearest: her sister.
Rating: 8/10 Atkins
Well, you’d be wrong! Because there is no scientific evidence. In fact, this campaign was invented in California in 1991 by the American National Cancer Institute and the Produce for Better Health Foundation who’s members comprise vegetable growers, packers and the logistics world of …..that’s right, fruit and veg growing and fruit and veg packing. Yes the very organisations that have the most to gain (financially) by convincing the world to eat more fruit and veg.
What the French toast? Who doesn't celebrate Turkey Day? That's downright anti-American...
The disciples had just finished eating the Passover meal for the last time as a ritual of expectation. The ritual which had been observed by God’s people for thousands of years, was on that night about to give way to reality. Anyone who knows me knows that I am quite passionate about the beauty of the Old Testament Law. The Law, in all its rituals and holiness, gives a profound theological blueprint of the king and kingdom God promised his people. And what struck me so forcefully in my study this week is the tragedy of what Mark is describing. Despite all the immense detail in the Law, and the centuries of preparation and instruction of God’s people—even having all the riches of the Hebrew Scriptures for all those ages leading up to that moment—when the night came for the actual atonement to occur, no one—not one single person—stood with Jesus. Despite all that preparation, even Peter utterly denied him. How very tragic.
Talk about an easy craft project. I got out my cool touch glue gun. Which incidentally isn't "cool." I just doesn't get as hot as a hot glue gun. I can't be trusted with a hot glue gun. Its hard to rid the house of that burnt flesh smell. For some reason Fabreeze doesn't do a stellar job in that department.
I am so excited to show you the little boys in the slums -
The key thing here is for Governor Christie to remain vigilant. He’s going to pummelled for this by every Sierra Club Seminarian from Cape May to Hardwick Township. There will be dire predictions of environmental catastrophe if the 65 million dollars aren’t reallocated. That’s all to be expected. New Jersey is a blue state and many folks are simply too wedded to their tree-humping do-gooder narratives to understand why the governor is cutting the global warming fundage.
The wonderful and wacky things that make us who we are don’t change when we pursue various interests in our life. While I consider myself a very social person, I don’t like having people around me when I’m working. And I’ve had sensitive ears since I was a small child, so voluntarily putting things in my ear canals…yeah, not so much. And the whole time crunch. No one has lots of time – we make time for the things that matter.
It’s still very early days and we would very much welcome your thoughts on our plans. Feel free to post comments below or get in touch with me directly at clarke.francisg@gmail.com
The second weekend of this year's IndieFest has at least two treats in store. As I've talked about here on HoFB a couple of times, Judy Lieff's Deaf Jam was my favorite film from last year. And catching Deaf Jam once at the Mill Valley Film Festival was not enough for me. I plan to catch it again at one of the two screenings this weekend - Saturday 2/18 @ 12:30pm & Sunday 2/19 @ 5pm. (As a sort of thematic meal and a movie, I plan to finally try out Mozzeria, the Deaf-owned restaurant on Guerrero only a few block from the Roxie Theatre.) For those who didn't click through those hyperlinks to read my past posts here about Deaf Jam, it's a documentary that takes a wide focus on the importance of American Sign Language Poetry in Deaf culture while zooming in on one particular young Deaf poet, Aneta Brodski, an absolutely captivating subject. Besides matters specific to Deaf culture, the film also touches on immigration issues since Brodski came to the U.S. from Israel as a child and her parents only obtained their citizenship after she turned 18. As a result, she is left in legal limbo, something the DREAM Act, if finally enacted by Congress, would rectify. Add to this that Aneta's Hearing poet partner is a Palestinian-American, and you have yet another layer of politics packed into this engaging documentary.
Today, I'm digging the asparagus patch out all along our fence. It's late to get them growing, but we won't harvest them next year anyway, since asparagus are best on year 3 (and we have 1 year "bulbs" not seeds). Brian is halfway done with our chicken coop, so I hope he has time to finish that during the week. That just leaves the composter and the raised beds - two fairly simple building projects. And then...my goodness. We will have gone from barely nothing growing in our backyard to a moveable feast. :) Dreams are so cool.
Sport can bring out the best in people, but also the worst.
Josef K: Applebush
under comfort of green arms.
Not to get a kiss. Just to get the kiss and then say: “I was lying. I’m really a Yankees fan. Red Sox suck!”
07 Changes
M&T Bank's Plaza Event Series 12:00 p.m. – 1:00 p.m.
Wolfe LA, Mottola MF. Aerobic exercise in pregnancy: an update. Can J Appl Physiol 1993; 18: 119-147.
The summer I turned 14 that all changed. Sometime during the off season, My Uncle Bill had a shower stall installed inside the bathroom. It may have been there all the time but I remember I was first allowed to use it when I was 14. Why do I remember that? Because it was also the last time I used the inside shower stall. My brother and I had met some girls on the beach and we were going to meet them at the boardwalk. It wasn't a date but it was hanging out with girls and girls required the use of shampoo and soap and deodorant.
I have made quite a few egg free brownies and these are some of the best. Surprising they were chocolaty and so moist despite using rapid rise yeast. This is the result of my latest project for chocolate yeasted brownies found on the net.
JVC HANC250 High Grade Noise Cancelling Headphones
The key word in that quote was infinite. I felt infinite when I was reading this book. This book was so enjoyable. It made me forget everything that I had been worrying about in my life and it was just so darn good. I haven't been able to read anything good in a while (and I began to think there was no more good books like ever) but PT made me change my mind about my decision whether to keep blogging, whether there were any more good books left in this world, AND my blog name.
Right now they are doing chores together so they will be done faster so they can go to the store with me. How much you want to bet I get asked to buy at least 16 things we don't need at the store, lunch on the way home and then to stop at the shave ice stand.
I've had a bunch of people ask for this demo. I searched and found the first 4 song demo. There are other songs recorded that i just can't find right now but here are the first 4.
We had a fun time at the Noxious's Super Bowl party, as always. I made green chile sour cream enchiladas to represent the Arizona team. I generally do these fabulously when I make the enchilada sauce from scratch (or at least from whole canned Hatch chiles,) but the size of the order forced me to rely partially on canned enchilada sauce. So, while very tasty, they weren't quite as perfect as usual.
What grabbed me about this image, however, was the object hanging on the wall behind them. Such a great shape and form, and at the time I was desperately searching for a statement necklace to wear with my wedding dress. I had been trawling the internet, looking at vintage and antique pieces. That shape stuck in my head. It seemed like it would suit a neck so very well. And so it was a very happy coincidence when I decided to pursue my search for work by Mexican silver jewellery artists in the 60s and 70s – because this is what I found:
Do not force ideas or anything else on yourself. Don’t let others cram their visions of what is “good or acceptable” down your throat.
But in religion, diversity and unity are really beautiful words. If God had wanted a single-one-type utopia He would have made everyone alike. but He didn't. He didn't even make His Angels the same, what more Djinn or Mankind with our varying passions, wisdom and foolishness? I think that this reflects the Unity through Diversity or Plurality... a reflection of the infinite multi-faceted attributes of God. After all, even God has many names and attributes, although a couple are clearly His favourites - Most Compassionate and Most Merciful, ar-Rahman and ar-Rahim.
Figure Study - Lesson One
My Views: This book was good. It ends the series, but I don't think I want the series to end. I like this family and want to keep following them. This book also made me very mad. I personally wanted to go thump Cole upside the head and tell him to wake up! I felt all the pain and range of emotions that Dianne felt and delt with. I recommend this book, but make sure you read the series in order so you know what you're getting into! Oh and did I mention Dianne has to give up "her" ranch?!
The strategy, she said, came from the Nov. 2 port shutdown where activists “would leave on a march in downtown Oakland, go close down a few banks and then swing back to Oscar Grant Plaza, only to find another march leaving.”
this month is crockpot of stress. a slow-roasted panic attack. a pressure cooker. i’m adding my ingredients and waiting until june 1st when i can explode.
Watercolor 6x6, (c) 2012 ,
admitting, ‘I’m tired now. I’m off to bed.’
Wherein to sow the wheat.
Green's Playhouse, Glasgow
I am delighted that blogging friend Jennifer from The Enchanted Bobbin in Canada has joined me for the fourth part of the My Modern Muse series. I came across Jennifer`s blog last summer and was immediately struck by Jennifer`s creativity. She is also super sweet! We have gorgeous weather here at the moment and so Jennifer and I took a stroll around the beautiful Majorelle Gardens and she shared with me a little about what inspires her.
Brace yourself for stream-of-consciousness (if I can manage consciousness, that is).
The appearance and reappearance of various tragic characters. So much plastic surgery.
first and then switched to a spatula.
Rook realized what was happening too late and she was suddenly surrounded by burly miners with massive hands and empty expressions.
Ah there's a question. Which deserves an honest answer.
What are some situations that make you happy, or satisfied?
* 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil
The student director for this show, Steven, took an immediate dislike to several of us whom he considered 'lily white' and 'useless'. Stefan, another friend called Cee, and I were voted "most likely to still be virgins" by the 'cool kids' in the cast...something that made Stefan angry but enraged Cee, an old-school Southern gentleman who was offended not only for himself, but also on my behalf. Even bringing it up (and it's been oh, almost twelve years ago now) in his presence sends him off into an angry diatribe to this day. It was Little Shop of Horrors, by the way. I was a hooker and Stef and Cee were bums in the opening act.
I hope you enjoy the blog hop. Thank you for visiting and I hope you like my pieces. I will visit you and check out your challenge creations on my return from GA.
As well, the members of the BAM! Youth Slam Team will give a special performance at the beginning of the show. The Team, comprised of Ambrosia, Mango, Jubilee and Simba, bring their considerable skills to the big stage. There is little doubt, especially if you witnessed Ambrosia’s second place finish at The Joint Effort Sunday night, that their set is a huge reason for you to show up on time for the show.
As a worship leader of a church, I am constantly looking for new ways to improve the quality of the sound reproduction for instruments. I’m not one who reads tech sheets. I have to experience it for myself. I don’t really care how many people are using the product. I have to convince my ears.
Cook had lived for a few years in Nashville, and had no doubt seen Andrew Jackson’s home, “The Hermitage,” which had a two-story central block with pillared porticos across the front and back and one-story wings to either side. The Texas Governor’s Mansion was originally to have these one-story wings as well, which certainly would’ve provided much-needed space for entertaining, but for budgetary reasons the wings were never built.
Georgia – 34.6 percent, 35.7 percent
about 4m bias binding (I use premade 100% cotton binding available at Spotlight/patchwork stores but you can make your own. I'll talk about that later)
Tactics change, weapons change, but war itself remains much the same throughout the centuries, and a great warrior must know how to define success. Understanding where each of these three great (but flawed) commanders succeeded and failed can serve anyone who wants to think strategically or has to demonstrate leadership. In Masters of Command, Barry Strauss explains the qualities these great generals shared, the keys to their success, from ambition and judgment to leadership itself.
Napkins - Pier 1
Serve the shrimp over the cooked grits.
He sees the manifestations of the problems of governance and denied nationhood as being the scenarios in which English people are denied their rights to their cultural inheritance through a lack of English-specific representation. The Guardian notes that
COMMENT – HTML5 will shape more and more of the digital landscape IMHO. I can see HTML5 coupled with IPv6 transport and a robust OFDM radio/PHY layer as the start of a real OTA Mobile business enabler…MisterDTV
We forget that we live in the safest possible neighborhood on the planet, that we moved in to for the very purpose of giving children freedom and safety to play on their own. Absurd.
-stomps in the corner by Punk, taking Jericho outside.
And wish that name were carved for us.
So I’ve been trying to find the words to say,
Now there are a few obstacles that I will need to find a way around, first and foremost I have no experience or even basic knowledge of sailing. The local community college does offer a sailing course with lessons on a nearby lake so that does not appear to be a showstopper. Other small issues are the costs of marina fees, repairs, and upkeep for a sailboat that I would insist remain on the coast. Continued funding for those expenses are trickier since college is quickly approaching for my son as is braces for my daughter, which one of those will ultimately cost the most is up in the air right now.
I could have used shop bought flat breads or stuffed the gyros into those little cardboard pockets that you can buy from everywhere these days but I wanted something a little fresher and tastier so here we are my take on homemade flat bread:
Key Lesson: It is not enough to be familiar with Jesus’ teachings – Jesus true followers love and obey Him.
The fishing net came in handy!
Good Morning friends! I am back from our trip and we had a fabulous time! I love travelling but at the end of a trip I am always excited to get home. Using all of my full size products like face wash, shampoo and conditioner were the ultimate treat last night and this morning. Even the hum of the dryer from that mountain of laundry was ok, home brewed coffee and of course, sleeping in our own bed was a welcome home treat.
Luscious Jackson
There will be transport from all over South Wales to Barking for the demonstration (and from other areas of the country no doubt) for more information leave a comment on the blog and we can take it for there. YFJ Says:
Abby cleared her throat. “I spent the night in my new house–makin’ more room for outta town kin here at Sam’s–so I’m not sure what-all was said and done,” she hastened to explain. “But when Phoebe and Ruth heard Zanna slippin’ downstairs in the wee hours, they thought she was meetin’ up with you!”
But crossing the divide between the living and the dead has devastating consequences. Velveteen's obsessive haunting cracks the foundations of purgatory and jeopardizes her very soul. A risk she's willing to take—except fate has just given her reason to stick around: an unreasonably hot and completely off-limits coworker.
I weighed myself like ten times today. 134 leaning to 133. I hope that by my appointment on Thursday, I’ll be in the 120s. If not, then at least by the time my official weigh-in rolls around on Friday. I finally realized that I can’t keep bingeing and purging–like a dummy. If I binge and purge, I won’t do anything but stay the same weight, day after agonizing day. I would rather lose weight then remain the same, so that is why I think restricting is the way to go. If I do decide to binge and purge I have to limit myself to once a week–restricting on the remaining days. One yogurt or one packet of oatmeal per day will be sufficient.
Silence. We looked at each other, eyes wide. Mr. Z continued, unaware he was crushing our greedy dreams with his ruthless honesty. “The pond bank is lined with tarp and sandbagged, to prevent it from washing away. You’ve been pulling the sandbags out of the ground. That’s all they are.”
As mentioned, I have already watched the show back, and unfortunately neither of us can really been seen in the audience. Would I go again? Not sure. I would only consider it as long as it wasn’t raining, as waiting in the cold windy rain was not fun. Not at all.
Merry Missmas in the midst of discovering the true meaning of CHRISTmas.
Also - when I almost ruined a perfectly good roast in the oven - the fresh garden potatoes were all anyone cared about anyway :)
Anyone have any suggestions??? Z was afraid of the bath about about 10 months and a new toy did the trick. Not so sure that will work in this case. Z was also not as afraid as Lil'C is. Any advice would be most welcome!!
I have to confess one of our family pasttimes is to laugh at some of my mom's antics. She's been known to exagerate, something that drove my ex-husband bonkers, and now the new generation is finding her amusing in a whole different way. It started with my friends and I though. I always saw her and my dad as jumping on the health nut bandwagon - from making us take Tai-Chi to making separate trips for cereral and bread, not to mention fresh tofu (health food store), meat, fish and finally produce. We also grew tons of vegetables and my mom made yogurt, whole grain cookies with carob chips, and frozen chocolate covered pineapples. What a couple of freaks. A favorite game was "guess what Nikki has for lunch?" (eggplant pizza, sushi, tofu burgers?). They drew that line at organic lettuce, that stuff wilts within hours.
The dominance of the dollar gave the United States incredible power and influence around the world… but the times they are a-changing. As the world’s emerging economies gain ever more prominence, the US is losing hold of its position as the world’s superpower. Many on the long list of nations that dislike America are pondering ways to reduce American influence in their affairs. Ditching the dollar is a very good start.
Again the shared experience bonded everyone, young and old, all sharing what they had gone through to the strangers next to them.
Bring it.
If there was any doubt concerning the validity of the superintendent search process it should be abundantly clear to everyone that the process was nothing more than a ruse to placate the community.
And for every 10 new followers – Ildz is adding extra bits to her Candy!
To my friends and family who love me, I am known as a passer-outer. I'm not proud of it. It is, as they say, what it is. I faint when I get scared because I breath-hold or over-breathe and end up with what's known as a vasovagal response. (I know it's wikipedia, but trust me, it's close enough).
who clothed himself in clay
‘Sarg?’
The future? The book gives us a big hint at an Apple television, which would fit the formula very well. The increasing complexity of our user experience of television (when linked to the web) – just like music downloads 10 years ago – is a classic opportunity for Apple. My VirginMedia Tivo box, for example, works well enough as a machine, but the human interface is poorly considered. An Apple TV would also connect seamlessly (two key Apple words) with iTunes online selling and distribution of video content. The iMac design is already a television by another name without a purpose-designed user interface, and the high screen resolution of the iPad 3 is a bravura display of what Apple can do.
The new chapter on the skilled person apart, the present edition has added entirely new chapters on Supplementary Protection Certificates, Entitlement, and Declarations. Likewise, the principal grounds of invalidity (novelty, obviousness, and insufficiency) have been disaggregated from the former single chapter on grounds of revocation, and given individual chapters of their own. Another sensible decision has resulted in the former treatment of stamp duty and income tax being omitted, though the table of contents continues to promise otherwise in the title of Chapter 23.
The flaw was not that J.T. Ready carried the seeds of murder within him, because we all do. But the majority of us will exercise the power of life and death only in self-defense or at the behest of lawfully-constituted authority. J.T. Ready's flaw is that, for whatever reason, he broke those customary restraints and became an executioner solely upon his own personal authority. One of the hallmarks of an organized civil society is that we do not allow or sanction the practice of blowing people away simply because they piss us off.
Zines were underground publications that arose in the late '80s early 90's around the then new word processing technology that allowed for cheap "desktop publishing." It opened a whole new world of publishing possibilities that were previously too expensive using the traditional printing press. This was before there was widespread internet access and it was exciting because suddenly everyone could print anything in their own home! Once the internet exploded in the late 1990's most zines migrated online. But in its brief heyday our Valley was a pioneering area for the zine scene, with lots of music zines coming out of the Northampton punk music culture. There was also a subversive little political zine called The Baystate Objectivist, edited by yours truly, which probably had the largest single audience of any of the Valley zines.
Pablo’s music brought another diverse element to the Soma output and his idiosyncratic sound was captured on 2009 album ‘Turntable Technology’. The original releases blended sampling, scatological hip-hop style and elaborately balanced beats to produce something highly original and admired by many other DJs. These earlier releases also enabled Pablo to become a musical presence in the ‘Grand Theft Auto’ franchise.
A small bridge, just wide enough for one car, lay ahead. She realized, with a horror that rose instantly like a buoy within her heart, that they were headed off the side of the bridge. She screamed as the tires squealed, but it was too late to stop.
I was on the go in two weeks but needed the break so bad. I did also see Titanic in 3D which was GREAT! My first 3D movie ever!!!
Some visitors came searching, mostly for 3 weeks 5 days pregnant, tales of a brown eyed girl, 19 weeks pregnant ultrasound, nt scan, and 3 weeks 5 days pregnant symptoms.
A really fabulous layout Gayle - well done
In kEraLa, some people pronounce butter as vutter.
Everybody seems to be talking about them lately… Although I'm just a newbie, I don't remember having ever seen so much media exposure around this machines.
Today, I thought I would check out my topic with some of my American poetry friends, so I put out a message on Facebook. The generous responses from the poet community have been great! It is adding light to my research on this subject.
So, I stepped out, crossed the road and this street food stall was too interesting for me to ignore. Oh, furthermore... I need to eat. I didn't understand the menu listed - I pointed. What would you like to have?
“I have been here for a few weeks and I already am a fan of Burger King, I love watching Criminal Minds and I love the stores, when I send pictures to my mommy she already called me her American Star gal,” she said with a laugh.
And the picture. The sadly defunct Daily Herald - a REAL newspaper. Worth noting that it 'died' in 1969 only after it was bought out by News International in 1968! My father was lobby correspondent for the Herald for many years so this blog is dedicated to him and all the honest journalists everywhere!
* Amanda Culbreath is the California State Junior-Junior Fiddle Champion (12 and under).
I took an awful lot of photos so I’m splitting the post up into #1 Flowers, #2 Lake, #3 Trees. There might be more, but that’s it for the moment.
Levon Helm passing away was an event of the world.
TIME-CONSUMING
I read such a random assortment of books these past couple of months. Some of there were awful, Ice T for example. Horrible he writes just like he talks on law and order only worse.
#2 i've gained all of you! seriously, getting to know all of you has been a grand experience and one that i hope to continue
First of all, I would like to present a huge thanks to Lazard Japan Asset Management K.K. for allowing me some time to talk to you and get better insights into how the economy looks from the inside. I will start with what I learned here:
"Don't you think that we might be a little bit too old for playing with love hearts Lisa?"
I only have five more weeks until I come home for Christmas and I am so excited. It will be nice to be home and I know it is going to be terrible to leave! But once I am home for Christmas, it means that I am halfway done with living in Ireland. This year is going by rather quick – I am both happy and sad.
Judge: Attorney Christian you may cross-examine the witness.
There’s so much to pray for. So many needs our children have. But the greatest and most important prayer we can pray is for the salvation of their souls.
Vegetable or Sunflower oil
Having given it this much though, I believe I should break out the buffing cloth and revisit those sites. That is, if I can remember where they all are. That includes the one here, on WordPress which I’ve been wanting to change up for some time. It seemed a little depressing.
As many of you know, Molly was riding her bike when she was hit by a drunk driver on Sunday afternoon. Molly, miraculously, walked away with only bruises and scratches, while the driver was handcuffed and taken to jail. Apparently Mom went all “momma bear” on the hood of the driver’s car, which I appreciated because I would have done the same thing to that stupid girl (it’s probably a good thing I’m not in the country- my mom saw the Hunger Games and said that Katniss and Prim reminded her of me and Molly- I would have definitely gone all Katniss on that girl). Molly was wearing a shirt from our favorite froyo shop, Sweet Frog, that said “Fully Rely On God,”- we all know that God was the one who made the road soft for her. We are so thankful for her safety and God’s hand in our lives.
AC: We'll have to leave it there, Andrew.
And another one:
Mainly, the private doggie salon helps the McGunigles get the pups properly styled for shows. There are two different coat types and cuts that are considered standard in the PWD Club rulebook.
That's BIT, guys. Don't ever go with BIT: they rip you off.
Rel's brain caught up and he jerked back, stammering. Taslin grabbed his head, roughly covered his mouth. "Quiet!"
The only way you are able to read this now is because you are using some form of a computer, are logged on to the internet, and chances are you had clicked on a link on Facebook or Google to get here (or possibly another search engine). Facebook and Google have changed the way human beings live and have become an integral part of the world's physical and psychosocial infrastructure. They are free services in the sense that we don't have to pay either company a cent to use them, and if you have a handheld device such as an iPhone or another brand of smart phone, you have immediate access to their information.
i just saw this online and can’t even believe it it’s real life. in a society that glamorizes eating disorders, this is beyond absurd and repulsive. this is, in so many ways, condoning being sick and making anorexia into a fashion statement, forgetting that is a cruel, unforgiving, and often fatal disease. what trend is this?
I don’t want to go into this in too much detail, but this is the calendar that measures the period coming to an end December 21st 2012. It groups days by factors of 20 into larger measures of time. 20 days is a winal. 18 winal are a tun (360 days). And everything else is a factor of 20. 20 tun = 1 katun. 20 katun = 1 baktun, and so on.
Alpha is one of over 50 species of raptor that live at the African Bird of Prey Sanctuary just outside Pietermaritzburg in KZN (I got to visit recently and was most impressed!). The park is dedicated to the continued conservation of South Africa’s diverse indigenous raptors. Research, public education, breeding programmes and rehabilitation projects all come together here to ensure that the country’s birds of prey are given all the help they can get.
“That I may know him, and the power of his resurrection, and the fellowship of his suffering, being made conformable unto his death; If by any means I might attain unto the resurrection of the dead.”
Watch my credit report online
I haven’t taken any photos of Bradley, Leah and Charlie for a few days and Leah wanted me to take some photos of her to put in the front of her new secret diary, so I took more shots of her and the other two for today’s blog. I also just randomly took some photos of the stuff that was lying around that they’d been playing with. The table was a mess from Leah’s crafting, so there was plenty of things there and the boys were busy playing with the mini stunt-bike and skateboard.
You also need a grip on what your problem is (e.g. What Art was my Soul created to promulgate?)
Ingredients to make the paint can:
In Prague 1, cycling is challenged by the centuries-old cobblestones, which provide very rough surfaces, gaps not filled in by sand or mortar, ground heave, and polished finishes not desirable when rain is falling. The local council is resisting replacement of these cobble stones with the ones which would provide a smooth, cycleable track.
Hmmmm somehow I don't think I'm a budding Picasso......
I thanked Fergie for her kind words and watched her trot away with her chauffeur. I didn’t expect to hear from her again, so it came as a great a surprise when a letter arrived a week later with royal insignia on the envelope. It was from Fergie, who had been given the job of sounding me out on the award of a knighthood before departing for the Congo. Although I greatly appreciated this gracious gesture, I knew at once that I would have to decline. The problem was the likely reaction in the community I would shortly be joining.
DISCOVER HOW TO MANAGE STRESS!
And they taste delicious.
So funny you should post this. I saw a recipe for Kaya on another blog about a week ago and I had never heard of it, so of course I had to try it. The recipe is a bit different, using whole eggs and yolks, canned coconut milk... I thought it was good, although I couldn't get it quite thick enough. Very fun, though! I may have to try this recipe now :)
Guest: Donna Johnson
Where better place to start Shoulda Been Huge than the legendary Sea Hags?
Change is the only constant.
It’s not just hotels and beach bars that are affected by the drop in tourism. Anyone who supplies food and beverages is hurt, too. From chickens to milk, lettuce to lemons, farmers and middlemen have seen their sources of revenue dry up. Taxi drivers can no longer rely on fares. Shopkeepers lament the open purses of tourists, now disappeared. Hotels have laid off staff.
"Of course I'm sure, I've got today's subject all picked out."
I am saddened by the news that yet another species has been declared extinct, the Western Black Rhino (also known as the Western Black Rhinoceros (Diceros bicornis longipes) or West African Black Rhinoceros.) In the past it had primarily been found in Cameroon. No more.
from the mist. It would be easier
Muffins are quick and easy to make but usually best eaten on the day they are baked. So I got all the ingredients measured out and put on one side before going to bed. Then in the morning, in between taking Nick to the station for the 7.30am train and taking Lulu for her morning walk, I mixed them up and popped them in the oven.
All the characteristics ascribed by NRK’s scribes to GoV readers should therefore not be taken for factual allegations or even probabilistic statements based on professionally conducted polling. They are a fog of sputum droplets sprayed by mentally handicapped people in an automatic reptilian brain reflex action that has bypassed the rational mind completely.
3. Found out we are poor, ok I already knew this, but it hit me hard this week, AND I STILL HAVEN’T WON THE LOTTERY YET
Wish they had one of these for the grownups.
You see the same misshapen logic deployed in other arenas dominated by prosecutors, as with the Todd Willingham case at the Forensic Science Commission. The trial testimony about fire and arson was all hokum, it was the only directly inculpatory evidence presented to the jury, but Williamson County DA John Bradley insisted that just because there's no evidence of arson doesn't mean it couldn't have happened. Problem is, the jury wasn't told it "could" have happened; they were told the "fire doesn't lie." This is the precedential ghost of Roy Criner's case, further evidence that Sharon Keller's consistent if often invisible hand is still guiding the state down the same dark path that left the court humiliated in Criner and a national laughingstock. Rather than learn from the experience, Keller and Co. and the hard-line prosecutors whose interests they represent chose to double down and do everything in their power to prevent future science-based exonerations, culminating in the Willingham fiasco and Ex Parte Robbins.
With a little help from a pink chair, of course.
This is a game where exploring and doing side quests *feels* like the main game. The sense of freedom is intoxicating. Want to become skilled in magic and learn to raise the dead to fight for you? Then ignore the main quest marker and head north for The College Of Winterhold.
Happy Daydreaming,
The thing about United is that they know how to win things. That mentality is soaked into the Old Trafford walls, and any young player coming through Sir Alex Ferguson’s youth ranks will again in turn soak up all that knowledge and expertise.
IX. Reflections on Property, Taxes, and the Constitution (contemplated)
of a sister
Denza – Bravehard (Original Mix)
When I'm on vacation and I'm not working, I ususally have some amazing ideas for new products. I don't try, but it just happens. Well, I found that the same thing happened when I was sick. So now I am madly jotting down every idea that comes into my head. When the illness clears, we'll see if any of these ideas stick or if they were simply the product of a mind on too much cough syrup! :)
compost rich soil for raised beds
to feel complete in life
I had a lovely afternoon today, having finished seeing patients a bit earlier than expected. Somehow I managed to get home early enough to check a few blogs and remember that today is the last possible sign up day for Tracey Clark's class on black and white photography. No more time for waffling around.... and made the decision to go ahead and sign up for the class, which I did. I had promised myself that I was going to take some time to go over to the park and walk a bit ( taking my camera of course) so did have time to see that the first days prompt had been LINES , and I was also very excited to see if I could find some interesting flowers for LeAnne's third week of her new meme, Flower Art Friday, so off I went, camera in hand. By this time, it was later afternoon and the shadows were very nice on some of the places that i had been thinking about for my black and white photos demonstrating lines. Love these little bridges in the woods of the Dallas Nature Center Escarpment, and it is always fun to walk across a bridge, wondering what is on the other side. My poor husband who came along.... thinking we were just out for a walk. He always forgets all of the interesting things that you can see when you have your camera along. Suddenly though, as I was walking in my black and white world, out popped some very interesting color...... and there was my "flower" for FLOWER ART FRIDAY. Have you seen anything that looks exactly like this before?? I thought it was so lovely, and decided to share it even though it is not exactly a flower. Does anyone recognize what this is?? I am sure that some of you must.... It is actually a garlic flower, and the scent was just..... well, it smelled exactly like garlic, so very glad this blogpost is not done in 4 dimentional mode. I thought though that it was so delicate and lovely in its little patch of sunlight. Planted in amongst the flowers to keep out the insects who are persona non gratis. Also had a bit of fun adding Bonnie's wonderful texture which she offered this week for Pixel Dust . This texture is called, AUTREFOIS , and you need to be sure to stop by Pixel Dust and check this out, as it is a great texture, and was perfect for these blossoms. So will be sharing today with Photo Art Friday, and Flower Art Friday, both great places to visit, so be sure to check them out. Oh, and even though I really don't have the spare time right now, I am excited to be in Tracey's class for black and white photography, and look forward to improving my black and white work. So bye for now, and have a wonderful day!!! Don't you love how you see so many interesting things when you have your camera!!!!! So Much fun!
If we analyze their writings, we find all the classic reactions of people who have been disappointed in love. But no one dreams of criticizing them for their past, even though it has marked them forever. They may well have been converted, but they have not changed…. no one notices the constants, even though they are glaringly obvious. Their best sellers prove, thanks to the support of the most indulgent and slothful critics anyone could hope for, that the public can be fooled. No one denounces or even notices the arrogance of both yesterday’s eulogies and today’s diatribes; no one cares that there is never any proof and that invective is used in place of analysis. Their inverted hyper-Stalinism-which takes the usual form of total manicheanism-is whitewashed simply because it is directed against Communism. The hysteria has not changed, but it gets a better welcome in its present guise.
Another example is that of a learner driver who on his instructor orders has to indicate in a certain direction. He cannot say that he will not “blindly follow” the instructor. He has no choice but to follow instructions even if it be against his judgement otherwise he will end up harming himself and the instructor.
So, I think, in a very round-about 'I don't want to get sued' way, he was telling me to wait.
My 17 year old son and I attended a performance yesterday afternoon at our college by Destiny Africa, a children’s choir from Uganda. It was delightful. There was one girl who reminded me so much of my 10 year old niece. Strange what similarities we can find in people whom are different in every obvious way…Eric thought that she possessed a sort of hilarious nonchalant seriousness, but her dancing, the way she snapped her head back and forth and moved with rhythmic abandon was infectious and wonderful.
So, she chose another 11 fabrics to go in her quilt.
As one might expect, the girls in particular were drawn to this picture, although none of them identified these beautiful young women in flowing gowns as princesses. Sylvia liked that they were sitting on "cushions." During our group discussion, we talked about the directions of their various gazes, noting that the girl (we were calling them girls) in the center was always looking right at "you," no matter where you were. One of the children mentioned that the dresses reminded her of a bridal gown she had once seen and we then decided as a group that they must all be brides. I read them the title of the piece, "The Wyndham Sisters," and that somehow, seemed to settle things. (For better or worse, having read the title, the children then began to demand I read them the titles of all the subsequent pictures we discussed. On the one hand it colored their interpretations from that point onward; on the other I admire that they were thinking deeply enough about what we were doing to want every clue they could get.)
Nonetheless, here is some insight to what the word Purgatory technically means:
The two machines I have narrowed my decision down to are:
Yours stand out so grand.
MOVIE QUOTE: Rail Crossing Crowd #2: I can smell alcohol on your breath!
I had halibut served with a herb crust and a pea and ham risotto (£19!). There was a lot going on this dish in terms of flavour but it worked really well and the fish had enough flavour and texture to not get lost under it all.
Ethan Wingfield (REP) 11.31% 10,597
Trust me on this one, folks.
Ben is SUPER smart and has been wonderful to train. He is learning lots of new commands (some he knew, but didn’t always obey, like “sit”), and others I assume are new to him. As of today, he is following the “sit” and “down” (lay down) commands, and after a few days of work, he is finally starting to “leave it.” That will be helpful when we are on walks and he wants to chase every cat in sight. LOL! Up next is “stay” and then we will see what we can do about starting clicker training and some more complicated commands. I even wonder if he would enjoy lure coursing. Many Basenji’s do.
The above photo shows four of the many boxes I have stored in the closet in my writing office. There are many boxes in this closet, and in the office there are additional files of materials that I have accumulated over the years--mostly for the purpose of providing inspiration for my writing or as a record of things that I have written.
Somewhere near someplace in the year 2075 AD…..
In fact, the paper almost feels brittle, as if the corner is going to snap off when I turn the page. It doesn't, of course, but it feels like it could. Okay, that's an exaggeration, but it's enough for me not to enjoy it. Every time I turn a page I think they could have used a roll of this stuff to test Grasshopper's stealth in Kung Fu:
Happy Valentine’s Day!
So, Day 1:
I let Helen eat her dinner on the sofa and fed Mase in his crib. Papa cleaned peanuts. The rug had to be rolled up for beating on the roof the next day and the peanuts on the floor swept into airy pyramids that could be scooped into plastic bags. Somewhere towards the end the evening, after the children were down, but the clean up was by no means done, Grey walked into the kitchen, eyeing me. I offered him a glass of wine. He eyed me still, not believing I had the restraint. I poured him some wine, and when I passed him the glass, I stuck my tongue between my teeth and bit down ever so lightly.
We urge you to adhere strictly to this final payment notification order and forward to this office the required information to enable us process and release your fund as soon as possible.
06/22 – Richmond, VA @ Kingdom
I'm pleased to say the first three items went quickly at the Whidbey Spin-In, giving me the energy to return home and pull together the next 19. These are a significant step for me in reducing how much is around me, so I am free to focus on the weaving I love -- my rigid heddles, my mechanical-dobby equipped Baby Wolf, and my ever intriguing Bergman Counter-marche loom.
This is the only time in the interview when Borg speaks like the politician he claims not to be. ‘When I look at other politicians I tend to see myself more as an economist,’ he says. This is true in that he is appointed, not elected, and was chief economist for SEB bank. But before this, he was a young libertarian longing to turn the world upside-down. Internet footage still exists of a denim-clad Borg declaring on television that if he was prime minister he ‘wouldn’t do a damn thing, so the people could do whatever they want’. When he later became a prime ministerial adviser, he caused a stir when it emerged that a government staffer backed drug legalisation.
And while you're at it, take a minute to visit the other bloggers who are sharing their inspirations with the blog community today!
Dark Shadows is Depp’s latest work, his eighth film with director Tim Burton. Based off the television series of the same name that ran from 1966-1971, Depp stars as Barnabas Collins, a man who’s cursed to be a vampire to suffer for all eternity.
So.. this was a trouble maker birthday party.
* Inquiries 10%
By this time, I'd already been on the monitors for an hour.
Linking up with:
Super work again ladies - you do me proud!
These would be nice with my Arabian Fig Jam too, if only we hadn’t eaten it all. Roll on summer and the glut of fresh figs, I can’t believe I don’t have any jam!
Happy 11/11/11!
6. I have had the same 3 best friends since I was 15.
One of the main limitations within this study was time. This meant that the sample size and number of participants is relatively small and any generalisations made are limited in their usefulness for this reason. This meant that there was limited time to conduct interviews, gather observations and request follow-up interviews to explore any aspects of the study that jumped out as us during the data collection phase.
o Build on their strengths
Here are a few ideas:
While exploring the living things which made their home on a rotting alder log, I came upon something new to me. It was patch of what I initially though to be miniscule mushrooms with black glossy caps.
After dinner we held our annual Peep diorama competition! This was the year my 13 year old nephew realized that "diorama" sounds a lot like "diarrhea." So needless to say, he had some fun with that. We all worked hard on our dioramas and they came out great, if I do say so myself! Spoiler alert: I did not win. Yet again. Even though my talented 7 year old niece assisted me in making my diorama! So as you can see, the system is flawed.
Until, that is, a day or so later. I'm sitting in front of the box, eating my lunch, channel surfing when I stumble across the celebrity version of The Apprentice. So I ate, and watched, and before too long the credits start to roll. I'm about to grab the remote, turn off the TV and get back to work when whose name should pop up on the screen? Executive Producer - Eden Gaha.
Or, another view could be,…“UP OUT OF THE NASTY, COLD, DARK PLACE WHERE YOU ARE NOW!!!”
Renewable resources students Benjamin Wolff and Michael Curran, working with the Wyoming Restoration and Reclamation Center (WRRC) and BP, are collaborating with Conservation Seeding and Restoration (CSR), a reclamation contractor for BP, to identify effective and timely reclamation practices.
The Crescent Moon Kingdoms, land of djenn and ghuls, holy warriors and heretics, Khalifs and killers, is at the boiling point of a power struggle between the iron-fisted Khalif and the mysterious master thief known as the Falcon Prince. In the midst of this brewing rebellion a series of brutal supernatural murders strikes at the heart of the Kingdoms. It is up to a handful of heroes to learn the truth behind these killings.
Cycling Story
Students will be placed in the Transitional Kindergarten site nearest their address.
Please include a link in your MM post back to the host blog, Between Naps on the Porch. Why is this important? When you include a link back to BNOTP, it ensures your regular readers/visitors will find the other awesome "Before and Afters" linked for this Metamorphosis Monday. If everyone links back, this maximizes the opportunity for visits for all who participate. I don't like having to delete links, I truly don't. But it isn't fair to the other participants who do link back, if I allow some to participate and not link back, showing they do not care if their fellow participants get visits or not. I hope you understand why I will have to delete your link if you do not link back to the MM party...just trying to make it fair for all who participate and maximize visits for all who participate.
He has a really sweet car.
So, back to the HSTs - you'll need:
look for a place to take their pictures. We didn't get far
A typically modest woman, in fact Miep went to Gestapo headquarters the next day to try and bribe the SS for the freedom of the group. She even stumbled upon some of the SS listening to the BBC and was lucky to escape with her life.
This year is my 20 year reunion for my school crew and my final year at school. That means I have been rowing 22 years. It's been 17 years of senior team selections. In the my 17th year I have had some good results and plan on more in the future but I have also gone swimming twice. Crashed twice. Flipped once. Blown up on the ergo a few times and even the test this week I thought I was right and sort of hit the wall with 600 to go. Funny that I feel as good as I ever have and am feeling great about the improvements ahead.
And then I imagined of all things a sticky note. Would God leave a sticky note on our remote control that says, “I’m here!”? Would He leave a note on our laptop or Ipad that says, “I have what you need!”? Would he leave a note on our cell phone that says, “Please consult me first!”? Where would God leave a sticky note reminding us to seek Him first? What item or person or thing do we usually run to first if there is something we run to before God? Oooooooooh, that’s a sticky question!
It became pretty clear that I had lost everything. Work files, pre-drafted blog posts and about seven years of pictures. Gone. Not backed up.
I am definitely one of those people.
Best Professor
Also, Bradley fell at the last possible moment, just as we were coming off the muddy path onto the street. He slipped when running and ended up covered in mud. It was rather amusing, I’m sad I didn’t get a photo.
Well, I have more Primitive Needle finishes to show, but since this post is picture heavy already, I will save them for later.
Snow crunching under
We do not want to hate, we do not want to feel all of this feelings, we do not want to be victims anymore. ENOUGH! Enough pain, enough tears, enough suffering, enough control, limitations, unjust justifications, terror, torture, excuses, bombings, sleepless nights, dead civilians, black memories, bleak future, heart aching present, disturbed politics, fanatic politicians, religious bullshit, enough incarceration! WE SAY STOP! This is not the future we want!
I have gone through origami phases, paper jewelry phases and paper crafting phases.
Past events have raised thousands of dollars which in turn have funded the Jessica Uhl scholarship at Southern Illinois University-Edwardsville, and the Kelli Uhl Memorial Scholarship fund. Jessica's scholarship has had two recipients, and Kelli's scholarship will be awarded to a graduate of the Class of 2012 from Collinsville High School, which would have been Kelli's graduating class.
My daughter received an Easter present from my sister the other day–the movie Hop. First off, this was a very nice gift and my daughter (who is two) thoroughly enjoyed the bunnies and chicks and action sequences. My wife and I, however, having now seen the movie twice now in as many days, have been left with a rather confounding question: Who on Earth thought this movie was a good idea?
The instructions for these models are great. They are clear and concise with both diagrams and pictures, multiple ways to square your building, and plenty of modeling tips. As I mentioned earlier, I put these together in about two hours. You could have four painted buildings done in an afternoon.
There seemed to be a ray of hope yesterday when comedian Ian Fox told me Tesco cash dispensers in Manchester issue £5 notes and journalist Jay Richardson told me you can get £5 from machines in Glasgow. But, last night, I tried Tesco cash machines in SE London (Lewisham) and NW London/Hertfordshire (Borehamwood). Nope. They don’t dispense £5 notes. Nor do Sainsbury machines in Greenwich (SE London) or London Colney (NW London).
The belief that terrorists are simply evil implies that the threat requires unprecedented presidential power, even going beyond the scope of powers prescribed by the Constitution during a time of declared war. The ability to detain people and declare them outside of both the U.S. criminal law and the protections of international law is a problematic way to defend democratic freedoms, and, when used against Muslims, adds to their feelings of persecution. Declaring that well-established international law does not apply, adds to perceptions that the United States thinks it is above the laws it frequently insists other countries obey. Ignoring international law at this juncture also undercuts policies favoring the development of international law to deal with a growing number of disputes caused by a shrinking and increasingly interconnected global village. A solution to terrorism is to follow international law as it has been agreed upon.
But, imports from overseas get a tax-free ride, coming into the American market without federal taxes.
The White Ribbon
I wanted to catch up with Beatrice Ekoko, of RadioFreeSchool.
I held her for a while, and then I had to go. How many college guys now wish they had a curfew as an excuse to leave the awkward cuddle stage? I guess high school did get something right.
An old friend once told me that you search for yourself in your 20s, you discover yourself in your 30s, and you define yourself in your 40s. I'm looking down the barrel of 40, and I haven't figured out who I am yet.
Name: Wan Abdullah Wan Salleh
4. Give yourself an allowance. Instead of spending, swiping, spending try to only spend the amount you have allocated to yourself. Also, be realistic about the cost of living so that you are not tempted to over spend.
(pottery by Gary Rith)
One of the biggest challenges when decorating your home on PEI, is the lack of sources available to us. What may seem like a simple afternoon shopping around Ikea to our big city counterparts, would be a dream come true for some of us island design enthusiasts.
<U+2015> Cornelia Funke, Inkspell
Rating : PG-15
Yesterday I was in New Jersey.
As Wikipedia warns:
Everyone needs to consult their own conscience when it comes to life choices. I have been a vegetarian, supplemented by the occasional wild fish, for twenty-four years now. I made that choice long ago partly for health, and partly for concerns about animal welfare, but mainly because I learned it was one of the most effective actions I could take to reduce my impact on the earth.
Thank you so much Kim for talking to us today! I can't wait to see the new home accessories line and your new shows on HGTV airing this Fall.
The warmth affected me in smaller ways. I got anxious to plant and ended up getting my pepper and tomato seedlings started a few weeks earlier than I normally would. It should all end well as I tend to plant a bit earlier than many in my area. Our average last frost is May 9th here. By my records, it has been late April for the past 6 years that I have kept track. We tend to have a frost warning sometime in the second week of May, but a quick blanket over the tomatoes protects them and the frost has never actually materialized.
It would be great to see you there. If you click on the catalogue above you can see the work that is being taken by us. There is new work especially for Chelsea by myself, Anne-Marie Butlin, Amanda Hoskin and Richard Tuff. Previously unseen work from Chris Rigby. Lovely pieces from the Effortless Brushstrokes exhibition and a selection of very exciting sculpture ( some of mine in there!).
Raku Tiles, Pendants
We are looking forward to seeing your May Flowers creations!
Today's post is brought to you from my 8th grade diary, when maxipad technology was EXTREMELY primitive, not like today's nanotechnology-engineered thin & light space pads. 'Tweens back then were tortured with thick pads that are now sold under the name "Depends."
I looked closely at her bookshelf to help me decide which of her twenty novels was my favorite, and I have to say, it was a toss-up between three of them. I like them all, of course, but these three stood out for different reasons. One made me laugh almost continuously (many, if not all of them make me laugh out loud at least once), one I felt was her steamiest, and one was her most romantic, all in my humble opinion. And when I checked, none of these three were RITA finalists, which surprised me. But I digress.
Today we are going to discuss what happens if you die too soon, or become disabled.
till I am nothing but you
Yeah, not effective.
"OMG I totes need new clothes, mine are Hell Bogan".
Artificial Intelligence!
I am entering this one into a few challenges.
In sum, Israel has done next to nothing to absorb asylum seekers, and has even attempted a few illegal steps to keep them outside of its borders. Please, tell me that Israel's situation is difficult; that reality trumps ideals; that it faces challenges unknown to other democracies; whatever you want along those lines. But don't present it to me as a compassionate refugee heaven with a better record than any other country in the world because that is utter bullshit.
What would you say if somebody told you that down in the cellar of your house there was a box full of gold coins? You might say many things in surprise, but one thing you wouldn’t do, and that would be to ignore it. You’d certainly go down and bring up that box of gold coins and put it to use; and yet, has it every occurred to you that most of us live out our whole lives with a box of gold in the cellar of our minds that we never even bother to use.
what does that even mean, anyway! the first leg! it sounds ridiculous!
Four – Chris Pine is too old, DAMN. And no one else is quite right for me.
Movement: None that I felt, but after seeign the ultrasound, I know Peanut is a mover.
We can’t afford to allow our hearts to harden. We can’t let our understanding to darken. The truth is, we can’t survive without God, but if we allow these things to happen then separation from God will surely result.
The worst part about falling off the wagon with this blog is that it is so hard to get back into keeping it going... So many amazing and, let's face it, a few irritating things have happened since I last posted that I honestly don't even know where to start now. Grr. After so many technology problems, I finally borrowed a computer from the school which I will have to return very shortly. While I do have internet access, however, I would like to keep this blog going and hopefully I can motivate myself to make it a priority.
Tourism Award Nomination
And I am sure that you will actually use the back of the knife and not the front to loosen yours - and not get such a ragged (yet delicious!) looking flan. You know, if you have the patience to do things properly. I don't. Let's get down to eating. Happy Mother's Day!
"Will we have found enlightenment?" I imagine the me from ten years ago might ask. That heretical Tibetan Buddhist bookworm half-aspiration.
Vegan Cocoa Cake
The minister said observations of people returning to Japan from countries such as Canada, Mexico and the US, where large numbers of infections were reported, would be scaled down because many people in Hyogo and Osaka prefectures are already infected.
Filaments leave a magnetic field signature that is recognizable in the observable universe. Astronomers have been aware of these electromagnetic fields, but have historically paid them little attention.
7. Spoonful (Dixon) 11:49
Also, if a new war breaks out, the rules are going to be quite different. In 2006, the IDF was ordered to avoid attacks on Lebanese installations whenever possible, giving Hezbollah a major advantage because they were able to hide rocket launchers, arms caches and fighters in civilian areas and in Lebanese government buildings. These days, Hezbollah essentially controls Lebanon, and the Israelis have made it quite clear that if Hezbollah attacks Israel again, it's going to be a war between Israel and Lebanon. And based on the Israeli realization of the fiasco that occurred with UNSC Resolution 1701 and UNFIL, this time Hezbollah may not be rescued by a ceasefire, something I’m sure Hezbollah’s leaders have considered.
Accessories: Lucky Limeade and Island Indigo Markers, Daffodil Delight Seam Binding Ribbon, Lucky Limeade Ruffled Ribbon, Rhinestone, Dotted Scallop Ribbon Border Punch, Jewelry Tag Punch, Lucky Limeade Bakers Twine
I’ve learned so much in this assignment, such as new computer skills, tweeting, and just think this will be my first blog post! I’ve also learned how to apply and prepare for writing grants for the financial programs. I’ve gained confidence in my ability to network with people that support Manatee Reads! and VISTA’s common interests. I reached out to CredAbility and spoke to them about helping us present a workshop on budgeting. By exposing our needs and their services, when an opportunity arose, CredAbility immediately thought of us. Through my reaching out to them, they were able to partner with us to provide workshops to our students free of charge.
Sathit also said the authorities would target the Voice of Thaksin magazine.
Hello Friends! I am so very pleased you could join us for the Christmas tour of Homes! I will be taking you on a quick tour of my home and then at the end will give you specific links you can go to for more details on each room or you can also click on the header and it will bring all the blogs your way. I know there are tons of houses for you to tour today and some are quick peek people while others love to linger with their tea and dessert and breathe in every detail so I thought this might be the best way to accomadate everyone- Whichever you happen to be I am tickled pink you came!
Carrying on no matter what adversity we faced was our only choice. We had to continue on with our daily list of tasks. While Dan and his crew and Kurt worked the concrete that a truck had poured earlier that morning, and the crew expertly created the foundation for the shop, I kept myself busy with cleaning the trailer, again, and driving over to the Three Forks Café to pick up my order of ten cheeseburgers and ten orders of fries. I delivered the food to the hungry workers who were a whole lot grateful for the lunch break. The hours went on and on while they all worked and worked to get the concrete set before the temperature dropped below freezing that night. It was a very close call in achieving that goal, and I felt so bad for everyone who had worn themselves out all day and night while fighting a weather system that was coming in for the long haul of winter. My size 56 men’s Carhart jacket proved its worth of $100.00 as I walked back and forth from the trailer to the shop site with thermos’s filled with my magical hot cocoa made from scratch, of course, with just a hint of Tahitian vanilla. Styrofoam cups were stuffed into the deep pockets of my jacket while my gloved hands carried the thermos and a plateful of warm chocolate chip cookies that I had just removed from the trailer oven. Everyone was happy to have the hot beverage and sugar rush before they finished off the job in the wee hours of the next morning. I stood over the fire pit that Joslyn and Kurt had built in the forest garden next to the shop site and warmed myself as I marveled at the heart and soul of these people. How incredibly dedicated they all were to the idea of helping a friend and neighbor. Tears welled in my eyes, as I thought about how giving they were, no matter the challenge of beating the freeze. They worked as though this was the most important thing in the world to them and I was moved to weakness in my knees realizing the nature of these good people. It was astounding, to think that perfect strangers would care so much about Kurt and I. We were both amazed by Helicopter Dan and Tam, their daughter Manthee, Joslyn and Adam. Their hands and feet and back bones will forever be stamped into the concrete foundation and floor of our shop, along with their goodness and humanity.
5. consumed so many pastries, breaking my one pastry a week rule. I have now officially had a Serenity cupcake and an Agnes cupcake. The Serenity cupcake is more like a muffin, but their cream cheese frosting is so good. Agnes is a delicious cupcake, but I was not a fan of the icing. It was also sweeter than I would’ve liked. One of my favorite things so far is a christianshavner kage from Lagkagehuset. OMG. The cake had nuts in it and the icing was so good, and I don’t even like icing!
Children love dramatization. If you are careful with time, costumes can add so much fun to singing time. You have to keep the costumes really simple and easy to put on and off. Otherwise, it takes too much time to dress and undress. This month I’m using simple costumes to dramatize people in the scriptures who followed God’s plan. I’ve written a “Who Am I?” riddle on eight cards and selected a review song that we’ll sing after guessing who the person is. I’ll put the costume and the riddle card into a small paper sack and choose children, to portray the scripture person. I’ll ask another adult to take the children out of the room to dress, then bring them back in, altogether, to sit on a row of chairs. While the children are dressing, we’ll review the song “I Will Follow God’s Plan.” One at a time, I’ll invite the children forward with their riddle. After their identity is guessed, the child can help me lead the song, in costume. ;o) Here are more pics from my costume box, along with the riddles I’m using:
Bluebird Studios has been featured on Daily Candy, in Brides' Reception magazine and a myriad of other websites, blogs and magazines.
and I placed my design on top. I covered it with a poly curtain and wetted it down. Now, here's the thing. I can spend up to or over an hour depending on the size of the piece wetting and gently rubbing the design in place to start penetrating the fibers into the silk. This part is verrry important to me because if I don't pay attention and give the pattern enought time and rubbing, it will not adhere and falls off in the fulling process or worse the edges don't felt onto the silk and the piece looks sloppy.
He came from the end of the corridor, where the sink was; probably washed his hands. But I never saw him come in.
And remember, a trunk show usually offers a discount on the purchase of a gown, it's usually 10% off.
Vertigo itself lives on to this day as one of the supreme evocations of the intoxicating allure and danger of obsession, cinematic or otherwise. This may be the top Muriels pick for the greatest film of the 1950s, but really, its riches are timeless and, I daresay, universal. In a sense, isn’t cinematic obsession one of the reasons we are all in this game in the first place?" - Kenji Fujishima
Just a little over 24 hours after the PICC line was taken out Rylee started running high fever again. My mom and I took her to the ER and sure enough it was another UTI. The plan was for us to go home, after she received a shot of antibiotics, and then return the following morning for her to have the PICC line put back in. The doctor at the ER called Rylee's nephrologist and she said this would be a better plan than admitting her. So we head home. At this point its about 2 in the morning.
Cast: Christopher Lee, Dennis Waterman, Jenny Hanley, Christopher Matthews, Patrick Troughton, Michael Gwynn, Michael Ripper, Wendy Hamilton, Anouska Hempel
Planning: this weekend Jon's parents and grandmother are coming up for a visit. It will be their first visit since we finished major renovations. I can't wait to share all of his hard work with them! We're planning on doing the LaZoom bus tour and then an early dinner at Tupelo Honey Cafe. I love sharing my city and playing tourist. Coincidentally, today is my mother-in-law's birthday - happy birthday, Carol! We can't wait to help you celebrate tomorrow. :)
And also had to clean out my drawers and closet from old close to donate to our church. But thankfully my room looks good now!! SO weird though to have my clothes in the drawers and closet again. I haven’t really lived at home in a long time..so its just different.
For all of the technology that the MTV generations has given us, it's come at a price that is to distracting to be seen.
The judge didn’t make a ruling at the conclusion of the hearing. Judge Steven Howell gave Griffith time to check whether or not Garrett actually checked with Zarate prior to placing the tracking device. The next hearing is scheduled for May 15. Perkins-Grubb is being held at Butte County Jail with $1.15 million bail.
He didn't know this at the time but I also just watched last night, a documentary called "Trading on Thin Air". Free on Hulu. The content was good, movie making ability, meh. But it spoke of the new "cap and trade" where someone 'in power' will issue "carbon credits" and this will be the end as we know it. It will be another fiat currency scheme, like the one we are dealing with today. A scheme watched over by the same people that failed us during THIS economic fiasco of fraud and bail outs to the "too big to fail" banks.
I have to keep asking myself, did I know all this stuff at one point? Holy Crap I've forgotten a LOT.
There are two things to remember:
But that is sort of what I expected. It’s a long haul from 2004 to 2012. I’m quite certain that CIA and DOD put the fear of god into those people for daring to say through their actions that the work that the first president of the World Psychiatric Association, Ewan Cameron, conducted should in any way be considered illegal or unethical. No, connecting electrodes to a nineteen year old honors student, reducing her to sucking her thumb should somehow be considered a feather in Uncle Sam’s cap.
Feelings? Outwardly expressed?
The tire man says Yes, yes, isn’t that so,
Because in real life, being called “fat” or “ugly” in a room full of girls IS hurtful. But often times,we don’t care if we call people names. Because we’d rather be Regina George than that girl who buys super jumbo-sized tampons. We’d rather sit with the cold, shiny, hard “Plastics” during lunch rather than be with the Asian Nerds or the Art Freaks. (Please watch “Mean Girls” if you don’t get it ;-p )
Congratulations to Gail Mclane! Please send an email to info@zipfizz.com with your shipping information.
With finds like this, I think I will go 'post digging' more often :-)
According to 52-year-old James Evans, he was walking his pit bull Max along Cornaga Avenue at around 2 p.m. when he felt he was being electrocuted.
It pays to go green.
The recipe comes from the May 2010 issue of Country Style, compliments of country chef David Swain.
On the flip side, brother Tyler Perry’s direction has always been that of telling the same story with different characters. It’s like how, McDonalds takes the same hamburger patties and puts different sauces and vegetables ( I use that word loosely) on them to make them more appealing. When you take that bite ultimately, it’s still the same meat, that many of us consume incessantly to our detriment.
But this part I did know: we read “The Nicene Creed” in Italian. I, for one, have the Apostles Creed memorized, and that creed always packs a punch with me. But the Nicene Creed is a little rusty, but I still love what it has to say:
Maguey Crema de Mezcal, made with St Germain, fresh lemon juice and
19. Rent a movie
Contact: Helene, 06 36 20 36 86, feltgoood(at)hotmail.com
Print this out and stick it on your fridge for lots to do these school holidays!
This is the house what the house looked like when I bought it already built. Not exactly my style.
The Panning and Linear accessories provide ultimate flexibility for a range of movement and it’s transportable size means you will never have to go without the option of motion controlled Time Lapses no matter how constrained your location may be. Visit our website www.syrp.co.nz.
"Look at those two sad old dears."
- brian lavelle - ustrina - afe records - 2008
Dr. Neal
Joel Hart:
Spoon - Girls Can Tell - 2000
Well, I have a little bit of a twist on that, and it is this:
Jen.
I have even gone as far as going through all of the children's books we have and taking several out because I just don't want to read those ones to T.
As a child I used to hate the texture, I used to think it tasted like straw – it was generally unappealing.
First impressions determine how each interaction proceeds from that point forward. The first impression made on anyone is foundational.
193 5. “Pornography and the Scope of the First Amendment.” Woman’s Law Reporter, The School of Law, Loyola University of Chicago, Summer 1985, pp. 1-3. (Source: Item D-III/28/1985, below.)
The accountant's report was originally meant to be published on 20th December. Four days after that date, it still wasn't ready:
Remember my husband is a therapist…and weekly I am busting something out, that he is super skeptical of…
I'm on the lookout for a few mirrored trays for our bedroom as well as a few whimsical trays for the kitchen/ dining room. Luckily there are a variety of options at quite a few price points. Here are my picks for trays under $40:
Eyelash curler
As per my usual methods the CD was ripped with EAC to the FLAC format and includes the EAC made LOG file and CUE Sheet file. I also made a M3U PlayList file and provide high quality artwork scans. The MP3 was created from the FLAC files using 'Easy CD-DA Extractor' and includes all the other files as well (the LOG and CUE and M3U and artwork scans).
The 2 year old who was only happy when she was wrapped around my knee, or on my one free hip.....
One can only imagine that it must have been a traumatic experience for the two workers as well. So this is yet another example set by the Marxists in charge. While they are supposedly providing for the poor (read enriching themselves), they couldn’t give a rat’s bum who is the victim, as long as it isn’t them.
extracts from the Split Gill, Turkey Tail and Reishi mushrooms. In 1998, Maitake Products received FDA approval for an Investigational New Drug Phase II pilot study of Maitake mushroom extract in the treatment of advanced breast and prostate cancer. There is also some evidence that the consumption of mushrooms in the diet may ward off cancer.
Siamo in autunno
“We explained that as a result of the techniques, Abu Zubaydah was compliant and providing good intelligence. We made crystal clear that authorized techniques, including waterboarding, had by then been used on Zubaydah.” Rodriguez writes that he told Pelosi everything, adding, “We held back nothing.”
I’d like to begin by thanking Scott Dunham and the Doc Film Series at the University of Chicago for inviting me to speak a little with you this evening. This opportunity is something of a dream come true. I have said in the past, with only slight exaggeration, that I wrote a whole book on Paul Thomas Anderson’s films just so I could write one chapter on Punch-Drunk Love. Punch Drunk Love is today the “forgotten” Anderson film (not counting his modest first effort, Hard Eight)—the one that slipped in the cracks between Boogie Nights and Magnolia in the 1990s and then the sustained critical success of There Will Be Blood a decade later.
Lastly the rear wing has also been modified with a smaller flap. Several teams have switched their rear wing to smaller flaps, at first this is counter intuitive to the exploitation of the Drag reduction system (DRS) also termed the adjustable rear wing. As one would initially deduce that adjusting a larger flap would reduce drag by a greater amount. However, shallower flaps effectively flatten out when the leading edge is moved 50mm from the trailing edge of the main plane (50mm is the maximum slot gap allowed for the DRS). Thus they produce very little load and therefore little drag.
There never seems to be enough time to get it all in. Personal...Work...Devotional. Always active never coming to completion.I have made color coded calendars. I have set don't forget to take care of yourself goals. I have organized to just find my order fulfill the law of thermo-dynamics.
-Charles Dickens, A Tale of Two Cities, courtesy of litquotes.com
If you think your dough it too wet, you can sprinkle a little extra flour. Likewise, if your dough isn’t moist enough, add a table-spoon of water or another couple of olives.
He said one time he was coming out of the woods, and it was like late in the day, and he said all of a sudden—the same thing–everybody always says it the same way—all of a sudden everything went dead quiet, and he said, “It scared me so bad the hair on the back of my neck stood straight up, and I could hear something follow me through the woods. And mister, I’m a hunter, and I’ve spent my life in the woods, but I will never go back to that part of the woods again.”
There were no innovations or landmark achievements. There was a perpetual dearth of human creativity. It was not until the renaissance which heralded intellectual thinkers and groups such as the philosophers, Johannes Kepler, Galileo etc who challenged these religious dogmas and beliefs, that man began to realize his optimum potential. Mysticism was replaced with scientific inquiries and analysis. This gave birth to scientific and technological innovations, and subsequently the industrial revolution which has transformed the world.
Iron Hill Brewery & Restaurant Russian Imperial Stout
Save $0.50 on Mr. Clean with the Scent of Gain Liquid or Spray
I don't even know what to do anymore. Do I spend the next few months taking her back to bed multiple times a night? Do, I go to the guest bed and lock the door and try to ignore Amos whining? Apparently, everyone else in my house can sleep through his whining. LOL! Plus, Zoe is really good at unlocking doors, so it's not like it would do that much good.
or has the time beyond your mind confined this malady?
3 Ideas with legs
Three years pass. Frankenstein, living under an assumed name, has two thriing medical practices. One is for the wealthy, who get the utmost care. The other is for the poor, who wind up having limbs amputated at an alarming rate. Nevertheless, e is the most popular doctor I town. The local association of doctors is not thrilled, so they visit to either force him to join, or shut down his practice.
“What an intrepid lover, Letizia! Tigerli seems to be very well acquainted with sofas!”
You couldn't ask for more.
His little sister? Here?
There will also be topic tracking, which will assemble a list of “What People Are Talking About” based upon what links they’re sharing in conjunction with what tags they use.
"Atheists tend to think independently and will not conform to authority." Both quotes from The God Delusion by Richard Dawkins.
Jenny Rough: A lawyer-turned-writer whose articles and essays have appeared in a range of publications, including AARP The Magazine, More, The Washington Post, Whole Living, and Yoga Journal.
Sometimes I'll get an idea for a project and then get side-tracked for one reason or another. I usually get back to them... eventually. This particular project started as an idea two Earth Days ago. I think I was just a little daunted by how I was going to pull this idea off.
DURHAM, N.C. — Associate head coach Chris Collins will remain at Duke after having initial discussions with Illinois State Director of Athletics Gary Friedman regarding the school’s head coaching vacancy. Collins came to the decision to remove his name from consideration after discussions with Friedman on Sunday.
Intimidating: Occupy protestors join immigrant and workers’ rights protesters in Chicago, Illinois
to stimulate your creative juices and generate fresh inspiration - Ten Tips to Inspire Creativity. I have a handful of REALLY COOL projects I'm working on that I'll be able to share in the coming weeks. We are taking today to "get our house in order" before the post Holiday, work week of real life turns us into our mere mortal selves at the stroke of midnight tonight! Happy New Year dear Blog friends, I appreciate your faithful reading.
May God, who rules over all, be praised forever and ever! Amen!
It’s not a pirate copy, but a complimentary one as the cover and internal photos are ones I took of Sean when he played at the Mill Sessions in Gatehouse of Fleet about this time last year.
So that is why timing is crucial too. There are even times that I still have to brew myself in the mood (in whatever means necessary) before words freely flow out of my thick skull.
My daughter was invited to her first birthday party last weekend, she was so excited. We went to wrap the present right before leaving to the party and I realized that the only wrapping paper that we had was Christmas themed. I didn't have enough time to run to the store so this is what we did.
www.megharper.co.uk
My hope is that I can get all of my wonderful readers here
I am prepared for the changes I will need to make in my life to accomplish my goal or come as close as I am capable; I know there will be discomfort, there will be set-backs; hopefully, there will be no injuries.
Discovering which Technical services are provided by the venue and which ones you may need to source externally can be a time consuming process, so we put together this handy guide to get you started:
he designed the invite and used a font that looked like cake decoration piping!
Rising within us is our search for a vision larger than the pressing moment.
Another organizational value – speed – followed the same path. Welch understood that speed is the key to competitive advantage. So, he abolished most central planning and involved people in the Change Acceleration Program (CAP) with the idea of making people open to change, hungry to learn and anxious to move quickly on new ideas. Participants come to CAP in teams of 8-12 with real problems. Each team worked with a coach who was constantly present and the contents altered between the CAP framework (guidelines and steps for change) and the solution of the problem.
P.S. There is probably another 100 ounces more (at this writing) to follow that I could not fit into the cooler!
With 3,890 female officers guarding some 12,000 men, outlaw love blossoms. “It’s a soap opera,” Dickinson says.
she probably never even noticed that the wings were black.
And here’s what’s really dumbass. The cultural media portrays itself as wanting to make the distinction between commercial art and art that has no commercial reference. And yet it will only review books from regular publishers. Discussions of merit will range as far as obscure and forgotten *regular published* works and no further. That’s all fine and I’ve heard the arguments about how you *have* to talk about “event” books (I don’t buy the argument for a minute but I hear it and I’ll run with it) – just don’t pretend you’re talking about the fullness of art if you’re going to run that way.
Creating new mantel-scapes has fast become a favorite hobby of mine (yes, I know how pitiful that sounds!). By changing up the decor of just the mantel to reflect the season, you can quickly and inexpensively transform the feel of an entire room.
And now to the lovely Belorussian leader, Alexander Lukashenko. Considering the fact that Lukashenko himself is certainly no boyscout – a true Soviet-style leader in every sense of the term – it comes as no surprise that he would "pat Raulita on the back following his rubber-stamp “election.”
Cauliflower soup has always been a favourite of ours. and I just did some tweaking and devised this recipe
Alberto and I met Nicole Cohen a couple of years ago on one of our trips to New York. It was Summer, and her city apartment was pretty much closed up. She was in town for a couple of days and graciously took us to coffee, and then invited us to see her apartment.
Looking forward to seeing what they say, and reading your thoughts as well!
While I am putting a load of whites in the washer (and remembering to put the Water Selection dial to “Cold” because our washer labels are mixed-up), I had this thought:
So the story ended with Katie giving her CD player to the dinosaurs to keep, so they can enjoy a bop whenever the mood grabs them. Katie then returned to the museum and Grandma (who may well have had something to say about the missing CD player!)
“Now more than ever, as the role of memory in our culture erodes at a faster pace than ever before, we need to cultivate our ability to remember. Our memories make us who we are.”
So today’s showdown is between two GLUTEN FREE granolas! Udi’s gluten free granola and KIND gluten free granola. I’ve been on a gluten free kick as I have been trying to get fit for bikini season #beachbod2012, and I stumbled upon Udi’s in the gluten free aisle of the grocery store. It’s lightly sweetened with raisins tossed throughout it. One serving of 1/4 c. is 130 calories & I love to eat it like cereal with just almond milk making sure to measure my portion. It’s yummy and not too hard crunchy that it’s cutting up my gums & for its taste alone is worth the $4.50 price tag! Now one day I was at another grocery store looking for Udi’s and they didn’t have it! But, I did spot KIND’s gluten free granola which came in a variety of flavors. I bought the cinnamon version which was a tad cheaper than Udi’s brand. The first thing I noticed was that the serving size was bigger, 1/3 c., for the same amount of calories, 130 cal.. But the taste was non comparable! It was too hard and crunchy in my opinion & has these annoying little seeds that’s sink to the bottom of my cup, they almost look like sesame seeds or poppy seeds. It wasn’t nasty but, taste wise and texture wise I preferred the Udi’s. So now I’m torn between the price. I am not rich so if I can find a good health product for cheap I’m all over it. So if you want a more affordable gluten free granola I’d reccomend KIND, it comes in a variety of flavors and is tasty, but for me I choose…
Friendship is not something I can teach my kids. I can teach them to be kind , take care of one another, and have fun together but I can't teach them the importance of not only being a good friend but having one too. I know I wouldn't trade mine for the world.
There have been (at least) two hindrances to the widespread adoption of FPGAs by scientific application developers: having to code in a hardware description language, such as Verilog (with its accompanying hardware-based programming model) and poor FPGA memory performance for random memory accesses. CHiMPS, our C-to-FPGA synthesis compiler, solves both problems with one memory architecture, the many-cache memory model.
You don’t have to have a blog to play along with the sketch challenge. If you upload your project to any on-line galleries or forums, please use the keyword of WMSC87. As always you are welcome and encouraged to upload your project to your album in the Waltzingmouse Stamps Gallery!
So last night after I finally got them all to bed and asleep, I pulled out my stash and went to work like the little Valentines fairy I had turned into. I pulled out all the red, white and pink balloons from the party mix bags I bought. The plan had originally been to blow them ALL up and cover the apartment with balloons. About 3 balloons into that plan, I nixed it. I ended up with 4 each of red, pink and white. Good enough, right? haha! I taped the balloons and the silver and red sparkly garlands to the bedroom doors. I tied the balloon bouquets to each of their beds. I laid out the gift bags all pretty on the table for them to wake up and discover.
Ok, so here is the video and keep thinking in the back of your mind - This will work, this Will work, This will Work, THIS WILL WORK!!
Holden – just holdin’ together
of His servant over his life, substituting his name for “servant.” He
In the best interest of the Cardinals, the smartest move would be to make a trade with the Nationals to retain the rights to Komatsu. Erik Komatsu made the 25-man roster in the spring over Adron Chambers, another young promising outfielder.
Chana Masala-Chickpea Curry
<U+25CF> candles
No accountability in this government, drug importation continues unchecked, violence all over the streets, a disgusted, disaffected and traumatised public, public servants being accidentally thrown into St. Anns for their own good, a tight family clique abusing the public purse….No wonder MP Amery Browne saying the MS-13 gang operating in Trinidad…..he watching them infiltrate the Parliament every week!
favorite book in hand,
First, it means that the Constitution is not being lived up to. The Constitution promises “equality” and “fraternity.” There’s something deficient about “equality” if a quarter of the population is missing from the Fourth Estate. And it’s hard to fraternise — to practise fraternity — with people who aren’t there.
Wrapping up this four week commitment, I’ve learned that it basically comes down to how determined a person is to make these minor adjustments. I’m not going to say that it’s an easy transition; it takes a lot of self-discipline and a little more time and effort. The good news is that everybody can do it in some way or another! I am a student-athlete whose day typically runs from 5:30am to 11pm and though some of these methods I’ve tried to conserve water aren’t realistic for my hectic schedule, it’s a trial and error process and in the end, you learn what works and what doesn’t. The cool thing is that these adjustments can be personalized to your specific lifestyle and you can still feel good about what you’re doing in order to create a more sustainable world.
Figures on Pie Chart are listed in “Millions” General Overhead (Bldg. Lease 5 years, Tools, Equipment. Etc. is 23 Million USD, and so on.
Discover why million people every year visit this pearl of world's natural heritage that is on the UNESCO World Heritage List since 1979. Experience a unique blend of continental and maritime Croatia on remarkable cascade lakes. Timeless beauty of waterfalls thrills in every season in a different way. The perfect picture nature has been creating for several millenniums, leaving everyone breathless.
Hiya everyone, Colette here,
and there's no room for socks or tights (woolly or otherwise)
Then HGTV is looking for you!
I was very fortunate and blessed to get my 1st Kalydeco dose in the mail today.
This is an ideal work to be used in a classroom. Giving children knowledge of this disease before he or she has to actually face it, as many, many will, gives them a bit of a head start in the process of learning to deal with the many issues they will be faced.
I went much farther than the ones that claim to give you what I have given you already…
His smug thoughts were interrupted by a rustling sound from behind. He turned to examine the source. Oh, No. Damn Him. Not now. Through a narrow opening in the thicket, a lone figure emerged, his sack of tools tethered to his back with sturdy ropes. He waved a greeting to Sharshar and then went about his business. The intruder, Sharshar had learned, was dubbed ‘Mr. Think’ by the residents of Qabqab. (the name derived from his habit of asking his assistants to always think before acting.) But in his presence he was always addressed as ‘chief’, an affront to his down-to-earth mannerism. He was the youngest son of a well-to-do farmer, and he’d left the village at a young age. Coming back years later with few stories to tell but with plenty of ideas to carry out useful projects, and with the experience and the knowledge to do them well.
Some paper
And although our nation has come so far, and I have truly had the chance to be inspired personally by these accomplishments, there is still work to do, bias to overcome, stereotypes to fight and racist groups to abolish, but at least the dream is still alive and I can't wait to see what the world looks like in another 20 years.
04 In The Mission Of St. Augustine
Dr. Brown’s Cel-Ray soda (behind) is the perfect beverage accompaniment to a pastrami sandwich. Less sweet than ginger ale with a more herbal flavor due to the celery seed spicing, it performs much of the same function as a nice red wine does to clean the palate when eating the spicy, fatty sandwich.
We’d watch TV and eat chips and fool around
Four big pavilions house the many stands of publishers and bookstores from all over the world. Strange to see stands from Cuba and Paraguay, and not from the U.K. (Politics play a part in everything, unfortunately in books and information as well.) It was great to see so many people not only interested in books, but buying them too, even mine!
A very quick game lasting a total of one hour and forty-eight minutes, the Terrapins held on to their 1-0 lead and won the game with none other than one final strike out. But Bakich was not happy with the effort, despite the result.
48. Inside jokes.
At your 6 month check up you weighed 18 lbs even and you were 27 inches long, which puts you in the 90% for height and 80% for weight. You are currently wearing 6-9 month clothes, which is exactly where you should be. Although, if you get too much longer I might have to get some snap extenders! Dr. Melvin said it is time to start letting you try table food (although he doesn't know I already let you gnaw on bread!) and I am sure that in the next week we will see your very 1st tooth come in! Your gums are super swollen and you've been a little cranky...not to mention there is a huge knot on your lower gum! You've started sitting up but you are still very wobbly. You are growing out of your bouncy seat - it seems to bore you, but you have fallen in love with your jumpy! We have gotten in to a routine of playing in our jumpy before our afternoon nap and before bedtime - it wears you out! :)
Looking at my husband's frustration why things like that happened unexpectedly, I thanked God that He was quick to remind us to not worry and this small problem not be used by the spiritual enemy to dampen both of our spirits. So, there we were, praying about it and committing what needed to be done under His guidance.
We have a number of walnut trees at our new house, but there is this one in particular that grows huge walnuts. State Fair prize winner sized walnuts. I mean, look at that thing! In the past week, those green hulls have started cracking open, almost like flowers to reveal the walnuts inside of them. We’ve been having great fun collecting them, my youngest son and I. One of his favorite activities at school is the nut cracking activity and knowing that his teacher is always in need of walnuts, he runs out there to collect her a bag as often as he thinks of it.
Pirouettes begin with stillness,
Steve Wynn's goal for his second solo LP, Dazzling Display, was for the songs to have a cinematic feel, and in turn for those songs to give the record the pacing of a fine film. This resulting audio film that Wynn has created is lyrically and musically dense, owing to the cinematic and literary works that sparked his writing. A cover of French filmmaker/ songwriter Serge Gainsbourg's "Bonnie And Clyde," featuring Concrete Blonde's Johnette Napolitano, perhaps best represents that mood/sound upon which Wynn was focusing. In the moments when Wynn's lyrical scenarios are stark and cool, his music offers itself as a rich and seductive companion, never acting as a backdrop for the vocals, its nervy guitars and kitchen-sink instrumentation providing a tempting dialogue for Wynn's wit and anger. In this sense, Display is clearly more Rock Art than Art Rock. Dazzlers: "Drag," "When She Comes Around," "Dandy In Disguise" (with John Wesley Harding) and "405."
As much as I wanted the strawberry rhubarb cupcake that I fell for a couple months back, I went with the chocolate green tea. AJ demonstrated her loyalty to banana cake by ordering a banana cupcake. And Ben got the carrot salted caramel, which made me happy because there are few things better.
Mile 25: Okay, here's where things get interesting. Coming up a hill on the south side of Diamond Head, we hear this strange "clip clop, clip clop, clip clop," like a giant Clydesdale is coming up the hill behind us. Now at that point, if that had been the Budweiser Clydesdale we would have jumped on the wagon and drank beer until we hit the finish line. But it quickly hit us that the possibility of a team of Clydesdales pulling a beer wagon up the foot of Diamond Head on the same day of the marathon was likely to be pretty remote. So we briefly paused to look behind us. About 100 yards behind us was a 300+ pound Samoan man in a grass skirt and wooden shoes, and he was running right at us. Now, even under non-wussy-marathon conditions this would generally be cause for alarm, but in our present situation we were just perplexed. As we turned back and started jobbling (kind of a lame-horse gaited jog/hobble combo), we could here our giant friend yelling something at us, but we couldn't quite make it out.
I vowed to never again allow such garbage to foul my perfectly pristine peristaltic processes.
Someone incredibly wise recently said "Women of the world, get your bra professionally fitted. You have nothing to lose but your double breasts."...
It was raining again this morning. I'm running out of ideas for the kids, so when Virginia Mom suggested we meet up at the doll museum with a few other ladies, I went for it. It's definitely scraping the bottom of the barrel when I take Lucien ("What's a Barbie, Mommy, OOH, can I touch her boobies?") and Coco ("stop lookin' at me like that, punk, or Ima hit you with this Barbie") to the doll museum.
And darling ... remember, we are glamour girls ...
Jonsi: Valtari is basically that. A couple of the songs are even older than that. We recorded some of the choir segments in London maybe five or six years ago. At the time there was even talk of us maybe putting an album consisting entirely of choir music. We started recording those two songs ('Dauoalogn' and 'Varoeldur') and then we decided to slow everything down. A year later we started something else and then we began recycling a lot of our old music and added strings to it, which was cool but not inspiring so we shelved that also. The process has been quite scatterbrained and all over the place, quite confusing even. A few months ago we were listening back to all this material with our manager and he told us to release it and I guess looking back, we did put a lot of time and energy into making those songs so it would be a shame for it to go unheard. The last song on the album 'Fjogur Piano' was another recycled loop from some of our old material. We had this really deep concept that was almost like waiting in a parking lot outside the studio in a car. Kjartan (Sveinsson) went down into the swimming pool and recorded his piano part and turned into a loop so that when we put all the parts together you couldn't hear what the rest of us played but it all fitted so that's where the "four pianos" comes from.
You are loved (breathe out)
Place the tins in the centre rack of an oven preheated at 176C and bake for 35 minutes or till a skewer comes out clean.
6. Who are your competitiors?
In a video shop in the East Midlands during the eighties no can hear you shit your pants.
I've not written anything this week due to the fact that I found out some sad news a few days ago, and didn't have much of a heart to write about it until now. It seems that Bay Girl is not staying with us to foal out, but is instead leaving on March 1st to go foal out at another facility. Seeing as her job of uterus will be fulfilled once the foal is weaned, she will not be returning to us. I have no idea where she will go once she her job is complete, or if I will see her again. Chances are that I won't.
1 blacken
Those in Peril has some very sexual and violent scenes. Is it your intention to shock people?
"Ooooops." Will picked up the finger with his other hand. "How embarrassing. You see what happens when you lock me up for so long? I'm falling apart here. You might want to grab the superglue if you don't want my head to fall off next."
Unfortunately, I am a law abiding citizen.
Grace and peace in Christ Jesus our Lord and Savior. Serene, highborn Prince, gracious Lord.
If I could use one word to describe my experiences of the past month, it would be opportunities. Of course we had many ways to serve the Lord in our ministry at home, but here we have such a wide outreach. It has been amazing to have so many opportunities to be involved in ministry at our home church here in Oklahoma City, Southwest Baptist, as well as at Heartland. I get to work in the third-to-fifth grade junior church once a month at Southwest and I love it! It is a bit overwhelming as the numbers reach three hundred -- it's what you call an overwhelming blessing. (chuckle) Emily is working with the three-year-olds once a month. We have visitation on Tuesday evenings which has been another incredible opportunity. We have also been going on Saturday morning visitation from the church as our schedules allow us to do more. I also attended Friday night street evangelism last week; it was great and I hope to go again tomorrow! And we also signed up for the monthly Friends of Heartland ministry. We travel on a bus to another church and help them with visitation. Last Saturday was our first trip; we went to Derby, Kansas to be a blessing to North Woodlawn Baptist Church. It was an amazing opportunity. Praise the Lord!
Well, here in the U.S., Valentine's day is more mutual thing (or maybe even more from male to female). Many people get flowers, chocolate, cards and go to a nice restaurants to celebrate their love with special someone.
He said, “Can consciousness be explained?” And I tried to wriggle my way through that but he wouldn’t listen. He said, “You are putting on scientific blinders. You don’t realize that consciousness is the ground of all being.” He didn’t use that particular word, but he said something like, “There is nothing but God.” And something flipped inside of me which I cannot quite explain. This is the ultimate cognition, that I had at that very moment. There was a complete about-turn in my psyche and I just realized that consciousness is the ground of all being. I remember staying up that night, looking at the sky and having a real mystical feeling about what the world is, and the complete conviction that this is the way the world is, this is the way that reality is, and one can do science.
Godl stood and stretched. His rain-soaked pelt glistened like animal gold shot through with coal and copper. He scented the wind again, getting his bearings. The strength of his namesake poured into his veins, the taut muscles, and Godl did not so much as step down as pour himself down from the knob of rock upon which he had waited for days. His sleek, golden shape slipped into the waiting embrace of the emerald forest. Chaac was being kind to Godl; the sibilant chants of the raindrops would help cover any noise the great jaguar might make as he crept up on his kill.
Tyler Seguin
Here’s another picture of the garden.
For just $9.99 your family can enjoy the “BK™ Family Bundle” which includes a WHOPPER® sandwich, WHOPPER JR.® sandwich., two small fries, two small soft drinks and a Kids Meal.
Well....that's it for me today. I have Mount Ironing to climb....3 weeks of catching up to do. Then I'm off to stamp one of my Maggie's and enter TOMIC challenge, which I haven't done for a while.
It seems ages since my last post, and the week has just flown by! and its time for another challenge over at Fashionable Stamping Challenges where the theme this fortnight is 'Nautical'. If you need any inspiration for this, please head over to FSC where you will see the most amazing samples from the rest of the team.
After a few minutes God said, "You want two lanes or four on that bridge?"
To make things easy this year, I made wish lists at Nordstrom and Amazon. That way if anyone wishes to get me a gift, it’s easy! Kind of like a gift registry for a birthday. So what’s on my list?
Grilled Jalapeno-Lime Shrimp (Weight Watchers PointsPlus value: 8): A hearty portion of grilled chipotle lime shrimp and black bean corn salsa tossed with lime juice and chopped cilantro, served on a mix of grilled zucchini, marinated tomatoes, onions & red peppers with steamed white rice.
This is My dearest and most treasured wish, to take all of My cherished children home to the rightful place to which they belong.
I'm never quite sure when a painting is done but I know when I'm done painting on one at least for the time being. This painting is of a section of Alder Creek in Yosemite. The foreground plant is a thimble berry. It grows along creeks and provides an edible berry the size of a thimble, hence it's name. The berry isn't super tasty but not bad either. It is somewhat like a black berry only red and smaller.
But the fact my very bestest friend in the whole of creation said I wasn't spiritual was probably one of the reasons I found myself inserting the prefix of heretical into my theological descriptions...
As mentioned above, we researched and became familiar with the jingle dance as a family. Not just the day at the powwow, speaking with many of the participants, but also on trips to the National Museum of American Indian.
The Godfather
The Cenobites make a deal with her that they’ll let her live if she brings them to Uncle Frank, who escaped from their torture dimension place, because yeah, these guys look like they’d be the type to make deals…and also, how come these guys can't just find Frank themselves? It seems like they should be able to, given all the other stuff they can do! Are you really telling me these intergalactic torture aficionados with magical powers can't find one little escapee from their dimension? I'm sorry, I just think it's a little silly that these guys don't take any precautions in case this ever happens. Sure, you could say they never thought it would - but no; these guys seem way too smart to even let it happen, let alone be so incompetent that they have to rely on a puny little human to help them recapture their prey.
Above is the poster for the Residency at the Launchpad. Note the date of the first show: JANUARY 8. Yes, in January, the Hoover Dam is bringing its own storm to NYC. With a spot in grand opening show of The Sapphire Lounge and the opening of our own monthly residency at the Launchpad, the HDC is starting off this new year with momentum that will carry it through the next 12 months.
So I help him into the tub after I get the babies into the living room. They are screaming, but I remind myself that they are OK. Walker is burning up. There is puke in the van. I still have scabies laundry to do. There is still melon all over the high chairs from breakfast. I send Brad a text, he says don't worry about the van. I am reminded again why I think he is so fantastic. I smell a stinky diaper. I take care of it, and at the same time pull Walker's booster seat out of the van and set it in the driveway. The babies bang on the window letting me know they'd appreciate lunch. I figure the sun is a disinfectant of sorts. I go check on Walker. He is ready to get out of the tub. I get him some clothes and a blanket and a pillow. I half-wrap him in a towel and realize that this baby is a giant and is not easily wrapped up anymore. And he is burning up. And the babies are screaming. I help him get dressed and get his splint-walking boot thing back on. He wants to watch TV, our antenna is not getting PBS today. I have no clue how to get netflix on the xbox. I send more texts to Brad. I get the high chairs wiped off and get the babies settled in for lunch. A cup of milk satisfies them for the time, while I go back up to give Walker some re-hydration mix from the pantry. Brad texts me about the TV situation. Walker gets that figured out. I come down stairs give the babies some raisins, they are giddy. I am thankful they are so thrilled by raisins. I switch out laundry. Brad says to try some motrin for the burning-up-boy. I go upstairs, he's chatty, we try motrin. He grabs the trash can. You can figure it out. More texts to Brad. Back down stairs to cut up some cheese and turkey for the babies. They are thrilled again... I eat some turkey too. Back up stairs with Tylenol and a syringe to give 1ml at a time to see if he can keep it down. Oh and benadryl to help with the nausea. Back down stairs to refill the high chair trays with cheese and turkey, and a few crackers. And I think Walker would like some crackers too, so I bring some up to him. The xbox is frozen, more texts to Brad. I remember I'm supposed to drop off a snack at PWOC tomorrow. I realize that will not happen. I give the babies one more handful of raisins for a healthy dessert. They clap! I go back up to give Walker another ml of Tylenol, he got the xBox figured out. Smarty. I tell him I am going to get the babies ready for their nap. I pray that they are ready for their nap. I pray that Walker won't puke anymore.
I love finding little ways to personalize things for people - just a small little homemade touch can go a long way. But - like most of you - I'm pretty crazy busy a lot of the time, and I need these little homemade touches to be quick!
Does this happen to you? Do you find that you are more focused on the names and attributes of dogs than those of people?
After they shared ‘the best lasagna ever’ Regina recounted the story of how she found David on the side of the road one night (before she brought him to the hospital where we met him), and then tried to kiss him. To his credit, David refused her advances, but that doesn’t really leave me feeling all that relieved.
Is there a coherent basis for this attitude, or is it merely totemic?
Holman is a master at creating spell-binding sentences. She can slip from third person to omniscient to first person better than any writer I can think of (except maybe Lauren Groff). Seriously, her technique is almost invisible. But even the greatest technique cannot save a story that leads nowhere.
On Sunday while my husband was mourning the loss of a football legend, I mourned in my own special way by going shopping.
Originally named Killingworth Township, the latter part of the name was quickly dropped through lack of colloquial use. Killingworth is often referred to as 'Killy' by a large portion of residents of the town and residents of the surrounding areas.
Now to give you some context my nephews name is Otis, and he attended a rather trendy city primary school, chock full of Oliver's, Mika's, India's, and I believe at least one Tarquin. As you can imagine my sister was intrigued to know what an Otis would possibly think of as a "funny" name.....
This picture was taken 2 weeks after we moved into our house (1 year, 2.5 months ago). The tile floors had just been finished, and I just kind of put everything around the room. We chose not to paint the room initially because it had just been painted before we moved in and I really had no clue where I wanted to go with this room. The rug was a spare from my parents' garage that wasn't being used so we brought it in to give the boys a soft surface to play on. The corners of the room that aren't pictured have a sewing/office/craft corner for me next to the closet and an elliptical machine. It is a large room, but it is serving many of functions.
Appointments and info: artLedge@yahoo.com
3 speaking
Anyway, I managed to get 48 answers right, so I'm officially certified as a SAS programmer.
250ml water
(Are you freaking kidding me? WHAT ARE THEY TEACHING THESE KIDS????)
Joe Ely, who is known as The Lord of The Highway due to his never ending tour schedule, is the real deal in working class authenticity. Jimmie Dale Gilmore sounds just like - no one, except Jimmie Dale Gilmore. His high, lonesome tenor I’m sure made any coyotes wandering down nearby arroyos feel at home. Butch Hancock was just in Santa Fe this past February for a solo show at Gig Performance Space, and you can also occasionally hear him when he accompanies over night raft trips on the Rio Grande River at Big Bend National Park in Texas. Together they take turns on lead vocals, and asking who the best songwriter is among them is like trying to pick mint chocolate chip ice cream over double chocolate chunk or rocky road.
I really don't like dealing with American Idiots (AI - also known as arsehole intelligence). Throughout my years on (and off) the planet, I have encountered many strange people but - to paraphrase Clint Eastwood - "A Goth's got to know his limitations".
This almost took my Most Pleasant Surprise award but was pipped at the post by Rage. Looking very much like Vanquish, Binary Domain features a nice bit of squad interplay in that you can issue commands but also have conversations based on which members you included in your squad. Fast and loose shooting is the name of the game in this title and you’ll be ripping through evil robots on the way to, what I expect will be one of many, boss battles. Definitely one to watch out for if you liked Vanquish.
But traffic's different here. Simply not slow enough to play sudoku, put on makeup, tweeze my eyebrows (I don't really, just putting it out there as a potential), work out what the hell that black stuff underneath my nail is and why can't I wash it off, come up with seven different ways of wearing my faux-hawk with the help of multiple mirrors available in my car, or make up stories of people who have those stupid 'baby on board' suction-cup thingies on the rear window in which (the stories that is) they always have dark family secrets or possibly an extra toe/finger/other magnificent appendage (never claimed to have a normal imagination).
What's the craziest writing idea you've had?
If Greece did return to the drachma, the currency’s value would be pummeled by foreign-exchange markets, making Greek products and tourism a value. Because imports would become very expensive, there would be no choice but to increase domestic production. There would also be uncertainty: Greece doesn’t have the same material resources as Argentina does nor does it have export industries as strong, so it is impossible to say that Greece would rebound as fast as Argentina did a decade ago. Taking the “Argentina option” would be a gamble and would have to be accompanied by capital controls and the nationalization of banks.
646 **D-V/31/1973. “Elbert Fulkerson: Schoolmaster Extraordinary (1893-1972).” Benjamin Franklin Honor Society Initiation, Roosevelt University, Chicago, Illinois. See Item C-1976(5), above, Item D-V/27/1978, below. (Incorporated in Item C-1998(10), above, pp. 349-62.)
–be in as many guilds as you want. You pick which to “represent”. Representation means you see that guild’s chat, and that guild gets guild rewards based on your actions.
Conversations at such affairs were always interesting. The number one topic was always rain. There was always a need for more rain. The ranchers depended on rain for the grass that would fatten the cattle that would then be sold. Without rain, there would be no grass, and the ranchers would have to “feed”, which would eliminate any hope of any meaningful profit, or income. So, there was always a need for more rain. In addition to Ranchers, there were also Farmers around, who were keenly interested in rain as well. Unlike Ranchers, who simply always wanted more rain, the Farmers wanted rain, but needed it at the right time and in the right amount. Rain after planting was a good thing, but if it rained too much right before a harvest, the mud would keep the tractors out of the fields, and all would be lost. So sometimes everyone wanted rain, and sometimes disputes would break out between those who wanted rain this week, and those who needed it to stay dry for a few more weeks. I guess the bottom line is that you never had everyone happy at the same time. Suffice it to say that on this particular hot July day, everyone was in agreement. We needed rain.
"As well as boiling (wort), we're sitting there playing Brew-Opoly – it's all microbreweries instead of the real estate," Jeremy says. "And then we moved to Lyndhurst, where my brother lives, which was also my grandma's house, so it was her garage, and we'd brew and barbecue, and after we finished brewing, we'd drink around the fire pit at night. It was just about us getting together."
Splash of oil
Their response was more than I expected. Every person in the room applauding, cheering for me. Even the stranger in the corner claps his hands, a glint of a smile on his face. My uncle remains silent, glaring at me with as much anger he can muster. His face reddens with the strain to keep control. I step down from the platform. Those who knew my parents well are the first to shake my hand and congratulate me. My mind is elsewhere, far from here. The only thing I want now is to deal with my uncle.
Maybe it's not pleurisy.
I sincerely think that this is the greatest chick flick of all time. Baby is such a great character; while she is obviously a romantic, she also has a strong head on her shoulders and a a hell of a lot of determination. The dancing is phenomenal, the soundtracks are perfect (I have both) and who doesn't love a little Patrick Swayze? If you didn't get in a chick flick this week (it was Valentine's Day) then I suggest you try this one this weekend. This is a movie that you can enjoy by yourself just as much as with a group of your girls. Either way, you'll have the time of your life!
General discussion
Fresh spinach leaves, washed, rinsed and torn into bite size pieces
"Harold & Kumar Go to White Castle" delivers intelligent messages and commentary wrapped within the lowest of lowbrow humor--such as a game of "Battleshits" and the aforementioned appearance by Neil Patrick Harris--without ever straying into the territory of being preachy. If you don't mind offcolour humour and satire taken to extreme levels of absurdity, you'll love this movie.
After the “nerd” discussion last week, I asked Kyle about it.
Lucky, the buff Orpington hen, lived a very long time and laid many eggs for us, which we ate and enjoyed.
-Marvin & Peyton were already going to the Hall of Fame. (So is Vinatieri, but he'll go in as a Patriot.) Now, Tony Dungy and Bill Polian will likely join them. Dungy validates his years of success not only with the Colts but with rebuilding the culture at Tampa Bay. Polian is no longer a man who can build teams to put up regular season numbers only to falter. Now, he's someone who builds teams to go the the Super Bowl. All because of this one win, the 90s Bills are no longer failures but are now part of a winning pattern orchestrated by Polian. All because of a championship.
‘Maynooth Jewellery & Antiques’ biggest local competitor is Bernard John Jewellers which is located in Manner Mills Shopping Centre, Maynooth. However, apart from being their competitors, ‘Maynooth Jewellery & Antiques’ can learn vital e-marketing skills from Bernard John Jewellers. For example, the website which Bernard John Jewellers uses to sells its products is highly accessible and easy to use, ‘Maynooth Jewellery & Antiques’ can follow their example and create a layout on their own website which categorises products for sale and which customers can easily use.
My favourite memory was keeping all the windows and doors open in the house, putting the amps on max, strumming 5-6 chords in alteration and singing the cheesiest lyrics that even a Brie loving Frenchman would throw up. Two days later I would get approached by a neighbour telling me to “Shut the F#ck Up & play some Bon Jovi or Linkin Park“.
An unfinished essay or a join of the dots?
Therefore, you can temporarily display ‘smiling eyes’ by thinking of something that makes you happy, but only momentarily, because you can only hold onto the happiness from a memory for so long before you must endure the present reality and the muscles have no choice but to tell the truth.
My first full day in Berlin had begun well, after a nice breakfast I took a taxi to the photography rental shop that would be supplying my lighting for the shoot. Everything went smoothly bar a little rejigging of bags as the chap serving me struggled to put everything into manageable parcels. Struggled he may have but succeed he did not, in neither respect. The bags were not manageable nor did they have everything in, as I was later to discover.
Walk on… and least we forget, on today of all days, justice for the 96.
Fujimoto is an ikigami messenger with misgivings. While it may seem like this method works, sometimes, it also seems like it doesn’t alleviate problems as much as it should (violence and suicides are still prevalent). However, if people try to question the government’s methods, they are labeled social miscreants and may be injected with instant death capsules. If one knows of a person who may be a miscreant and doesn’t report them, then they are a miscreant by association and face the same punishment. Fujimoto finds himself questioning the government’s methods and occasionally ends up tentatively toeing the line in efforts to help the people he sentences to death.
But, we made it in decent time. They said that they had WONDERFUL days at school. The kids were SO nice and friendly. When we lived in Joliet Illinois (Chicago), our school was 70% hispanic. But those kids weren't really friendly to my kids. They only wanted to hang out with the other hispanic kids. But it wasn't the case here. Everyone seemed interested in making friends with them, and my kids were SO excited about it. Thats the way it should be :) My kids are DEFINITLY in the minority. I think our school here is about 95% hispanic. Eme was the only white kid in her class, and I think there was on other in Joe's. Hehehehe. It's good for them. Helps them know that we are all Heavenly Father's children, no matter our ethnicity. He loves us all, just the same :)
Next year I'll be good, just wait
By the time I had to go back to the Saint Francis ER for the third time on Tuesday, as it was now approaching sundown, Lela sufficiently calmed me down to the point that I did not act on primal instinct in dealing with the lunacy of this ER doctor. “How fucking hard is it?” I kept asking Lela rhetorically on the bus rides back to Nob Hill. “How hard is it to read the label of a spent goddamn prescription bottle and copy that information onto an RX scrip?”
Then on Sunday I putz around the house for most of the day and made some cookies. Bethenny Frankel's Oatmeal Banana Chocolate Chip cookies. I've made them a few times and they are just sooooo good! Also, healthy and filling! I also have come to the conclusion that all the cookies I make look like turds when photographed but they taste delicious! These are a must try!
The cynic might ask whether the sudden publicity on the issue, and funds shortage, might be related. And not a few might puzzle (albeit silently, for such things dare not be said in the open) whether saving lives in Africa simply makes for problems elsewhere, through over-population and migration.
It’s only recently with the invention of the paparazzi, that we, the ordinary folk have seen what these icons really look like.
WOW! I wrote all of the stuff above on Dec 16th but couldn't finish it. Instead of moving forward with what would now be one whole month worth of info, I'll just post some of my Facebook status updates. The network here is more like dial-up without the up. In the city, the speed is 100-150 kb/s and here in the village, I'm good to get 12. Yes, I said twelve. So it was just easier to throw a status update on Facebook but my New Year's Resolution, whatever THAT means, is to blog more. So I'm here. I'll do one blog post per week that I've been here so they're not crazy long.
11 Rockin' All Over The World (4:26)
A complicated process of hitching and doubling up the fabric and wrapping the head in the long sleeves enabled the wearer to move about with ease--even with all the swathes of fabric! In the video below you can see a young woman in the 1920's demonstrating the way that the dress is put on.
All in all, this one was a good episode, goofy and stupid as it was. There are barely a handful of such episodes throughout, and unfortunately with this one being so early I hoped that this would mark an improvement in the series as a whole. As you can probably tell, no, no it didn’t. Aside from the unbelievability of Inori given a shit about Shu (expecting anyone to is kinda pushing it, to be fair) to the extent that she’ll basically kill herself (she couldn’t have known that she’d be gravitationally slowed down) by jumping off a very tall building, this episode was actually rather well written – especially in regards to the motives of the GHQ and the Undertakers and Shu’s potential betrayal. I mean, it obviously doesn’t happen, but the possibility still exists.
4. Good Design Makes a Product Understandable
Bethany taught us all how to make fabric flowers that we hot-glued on the yarn wreath. Unfortunately we were so busy crafting, that we forgot to take pictures, but here is how mine turned out!
*** By healthier alternatives – I mean you are at the grocery store , your standing in the chip isle and it’s a game day decision – what do you buy? The Doritos or is there a healthier alternative?
I try to shrug it off and walk away. Because that’s what your teacher told you to do, ignore them, right? After all, they didn’t know where I lived. These girls lived across town. And this was the time before GPS, before texting and cyberbullying. At least at home I would be safe.
The wife saw these pics I took of myself yesterday just now and she is like
Automoto365.com – Singapore Tech Desk
I spend a lot of time looking around strangers’ homes. I spend a lot of time peering at their bookshelves, at their colour-coded hardbacks, at their artfully organised fruit. I like to see how they illustrate their personalities through the placing of vintage lamps, how they communicate their successful relationships in the language of exposed brickwork and re-appropriation of pallets. I refresh wowhaus.co.uk and themodernhouse.net‘s pages of architect-designed bungalows for sale daily, and later theselby.com, and @PropertyJazz on Twitter for its brilliantly, disgustingly covetable selections of fantasy houses in Los Angeles, Mexico, Camden – and it feels deliciously painful, like plucking ingrown hairs or leaping into an outdoor pool.
In a large bowl, cream butter and sugar together until light and fluffy.
Apparently, she does a good job the first three innings but after that she gets bored and starts chatting with all her friends. She misses plays and then realizes it so she runs around to the other scorekeepers and asks them what the score is. She says sometimes everyone has a different score written down.
I guess there could be worse names. When I was in high school, I used to tell my friends I was going to name my first born Quincy Bozo. I was teasing, of course. But, I still remember that name. Did name a guinea pig that, though. Loved that rodent. There is a little boy in our community named Coleman Heater. I mean, seriously. There is also a boy named Hunner, because his mom didn’t know there was a “t” in there, for Hunter. Say the name a couple of times. I guess you could understand the mistake. Or not.
I have had several cars over the course of my driving lifetime. The original car: The Jetta. It was older than I was, only one radio station came in and that was only because I had a giant nail in the place where antennae should have been. There was black electrical tape along the side of the back driver side door so it would match the rest of the siding (the car was white but had black strips on the sides). It was the car that left a puff of black smoke behind as it pulled away AND the windshield leaked when it rained! I live in Western Oregon. IT IS ALWAYS RAINING!!!!! (that’s why my dad drilled a hole in the floorboard, he rocks)
You can either buy split mustard seeds or make your own by coarsely grinding/ pounding black mustard seeds with a pestle and mortar, but not too fine.
flotillad here by
The Hunger Games almost completely passed me by until all of a sudden the internet buzzed with news of the final installment, Mockingjay. I read of the cover design being leaked, the embargo apparently being as strict as a new Harry Potter or Dan Brown title, at least in the USA. Although the book was also embargoed over in the UK, no doubt with severe disciplinary action being taken against any bookseller who let it free to roam the shelves early, it wasn't until a few copies trickled into my bookshop that I realised it was part of an existing series: a dystopia, recommended on the cover blurb by Stephenie Meyer and Stephen King, that I had been staring at for maybe a year without ever really noticing.
Recently, I did a guest interview for Rosemary Gemmell's excellent Reading and Writing blog. Rosemary asked me about researching my new novel, The Amber Heart and wondered how much my Polish background had informed the writing of this book. It brought to mind all over again, my charming great uncle Karol Kossak - that's him above, trying to squeeze his immensely long legs into a small horse drawn vehicle!
(Now i've written this, i'm wondering what sort of formal research/evidence would be necessary to try to turn it into some sort of formal proposal to the NAS (or whoever is the most appropriate "authority") to redefine the "triad" - if of course there's sufficient autistic-community support for it. Any ideas?)
have ended up the most irritable and snappy woman on the planet (wouldn’t we all).
It makes no difference what RULES or PLAN a trader has in place if HE/SHE does not follow them!
It has been an emotional roller coaster. I’m not sure if people think I’m nutty or not – and frankly, I really don’t give a rat’s ass what people think – but my way of dealing with what may be coming down the pike is to look at everything from every angle I can possibly think of. I analyze and then analyze again. And, just for good measure, I rethink it a few more times. I have to run the “numbers” in every way possible so I don’t overlook anything that I could have done or done differently. It helps me keep my sanity (wait… I know – I have to have sanity before I can keep it, but I can pretend that I have sanity, right? Hehe!).
Colin: That’s pretty cool.
The reason that I mention this is that I read an article in the Dutch weekly Elsevier about a Dutch poet called Nel Benschop who died in 2005. She was known as a religious poet but recently a collection of her love poems has been published called “Echte liefde kan niet sterven” (“True Love Cannot Die”).
with words and wondrous tongue so wickedly.
In August 2007, I checked two duty free shops in Terminal 1, South wing. The selection was exactly the same in both. They had 700ml bottles of 12 and 18 year old Yamazaki single malts at very reasonable prices. The 12 was at 4,500 yen compared to 7,119 yen in normal supermarkets. The 18 was 15,000 yen not 21,000 yen. The Yamazaki 12 was also available in a 180 ml bottle for 1,100 yen.
except to conquer and understand
There may, however, be good reason for this peekaboo appearance. Patricia Shull is the wife of Robert Shull, an Osoyoos-based promoter who has achieved considerable notoriety for his penny stock exploits.
9. Glowing skin...NOT
Milk Stouts aren't actually brewed with milk, but rather milk sugar (lactose). Unlike most sugars, however, lactose can't be broken down by beer yeast, and remains unfermented, as calories and carbohydrates. It gives the beer a unique sweetness and silkiness on the tongue that does in fact suggest milk. Snow Plow is sweet and creamy, bordering on decadant, but there are hints of roasty malt and a breath of hop at the end. I have never found a person who liked beer but disliked Snow Plow.
"I? Heavens no. I'm blessed with more brains and opportunities than many people, but there's nothing about me that breaks out of the ordinary mold."How would you rate the book?
Or English poets who grew up on Greek
And until then...
Lots of kids mean lots of parents, dads and moms who are valuable sources of information and advice. In this book, dozens of them share with you the wisdom they gained while parenting kids with special needs.
And of course my mom says, “Well, your dad and I aren’t into all that kind of stuff so it’s never a problem for us.”
That’s what it’s like trying to play a role playing game with a bunch of casual gamer kidz. It is NOT fun.
I didn't submit this one, but I couldn't resist sharing it, this was day 2 of the snow fun and baby Bella's first time in the snow. (don't worry! she was only out for a minute before we brought her in a got her dressed properly)
Jeff Goldblum (The Fly)
- water and food was not given to prisoners for days while keeping them continually marching in the tropical heat
Points of interest:
While hardly ideal for any type of primate today -- inmate or visitor -- the Monkey House is one of the few links to the zoo's beginnings.
I'm not a big fan of slabbed cards and I may bust this one loose, but I am truly amazed that I got all those other catcher cards AND this 1951 Bowman Roy Campanella for $40. This is my new favorite card. Not just in this lot, but in my whole collection.
Have a fantastic day!
Relatively speaking…
Brazil has not been immune to the impact of the global financial crisis, but this has not stopped it overtaking the UK as the sixth largest economy in the world and remaining a favoured destination for international investors. In the process, it is becoming an engine of growth for other countries in South America.
Part of my business plan includes promotion, for writers today one of the most effective ways to promote is to build a platform. Quite simply, this is just the space where you market yourself. If your platform is effective it can help guide readers to your books and generate sales.
Things are not bad yet, however it seems like I am trying hard to make them go that way. My man is kind and shows me every day how much he loves me and somehow, I find something wrong, something to create a fight over. He truly is a man/gentleman in every sense of the word. He has morals and values and passions and shows me that I am important to him. I know how lucky I am and I don’t want to ruin it, so what in my brain causes me to destroy good things? Don’t I think I deserve to be happy? This is killing me and could possibly kill my relationship if I don’t get a grip. I have to figure this out before I destroy something that could be, actually is great.
Too bitter for sad people
2. Mead. How could I mention Tej without talking about mead? When I tried a Danish hibiscus and hops mead called Viking Blod at the Scandinavian/Dutch bar Vandaag a year ago ($9 a glass), I was blown away. It’s 19% alcohol, sweet, but boozy. It has rich, floral and apple notes on top of the distinct taste of honey. It’s amazing. Despite its sweetness, I don’t think of it in the same terms as a dessert wine, though it could serve as such. A bottle, if you can find it, runs about $30. Vandaag, for one, carries four different meads on its menu.
So that's this year's plan. Make it more interesting, increase the tension, feel the characters, make it with words, visually alive. I read over the story while waiting to pick up my son at school. And there is one benefit in having waited so long, it does feel new to me. And I am able to see things more clearly. I'm not afraid of my own little red pen, strike it out! This doesn't work, that doesn't work. And it doesn't hurt me to say it, to do it, it feels empowering, because I know. There isn't the lost confusion (at the moment) of- is this better? is that? ugh I don't know. So whenever I know things need to be reworked, and why, and have a clue as to how, I am happy. Really happy.
Put simply, I doubt my years in governance will have a huge impact on immigration levels. Good luck.
Here we go! Day 1 of Phase 2 of the parasite cleanse. Below is me, trying to be silly about the strict protocol I must follow regarding meals. I’ve got to carry around everything in that plastic bag with me if I want to eat. It’s kinda heavy.
Reds - Deep Blues - Greens - Rich Golds - Violets
Last year, tickets were shilled on eBay at prices from $2,125 to $4,599 a day after they ran out from Apple. Meanwhile, sellers on Craigslist were asking $800 to $900 above face value.
"You and I, as we live daily, even moment-by-moment in the marketplace, are involved in a holy calling and work. We have not been called to the pulpit of a church, but to the "bully pulpit" of a business. We don't prepare sermons every week - we prepare budgets. Wed don't quote the scriptures from the podium - we need to live them. We are the front line troops. If it can't happen through us, it won't happen at all. If God's Word isn't as valid and binding on Monday as it is on Sunday, it isn't valid at all."
Saameira: Oh all right.
Yesterday I was telling our new intern Carlos a story from last summer. I had just box squatted 315 for 5 reps, which was a PR for me at the time. I came back to squat the next week and got absolutely buried by a weight much lighter than that and couldn’t figure out why. The reason is because I never gave my body a chance to catch up to the new training stimulus it was exposed to.
i did find a email address for them, so i sent a request that i be removed from their mailing list. kind of difficult to do on the site if you don't know what your password is supposed to be, yanno? i just received an email from them saying someone will get back to me in a couple of days to answer my request.
Most of us have jobs where we put in a lot of hours. We have responsibilities with our family and homes. We have some free time to relax and participate in hobbies and recreational activities. In all of these endeavors, we continue to represent Christ. Our Christian witness is not restricted to the church, or working with specific evangelism efforts. Our whole life is a witness. Are we seeking to let the light of Christ shine through our lives?
Cover - Kid Kong using free gift 'plate wobbler' art Robert Nixon
To you from failing hands we throw
Funny and biting, honest and poignant, this no-holds-barred collection gives an in-depth look into the life of one of today’s most influential comic voices. In writing about her childhood longing to be a priest, her role in developing The Daily Show, and of her often problematic habit of diving into everything head first, asking questions later (resulting in multiple rescue-dog adoptions and travel disasters), Lizz Winstead has tapped an outrageous and heartfelt vein of the all-too-human comedy.
Over Christmas my dad was telling some stories from a life pretty much spent on or around the sea. My father was with the Merchant Navy for around 16 years (from the age of 16 until 32), starting off as a galley boy. The Merchant Navy consisted of various private shipping companies, but my father worked pretty much exclusively for the Cunard line.
Who said control freak? I heard that....
Many courageous (or foolhardy) travelers seek out hair-raising bridges just for the thrill. The bridges along the route to Colombia’s National Archaeological Park of Tierradentro are a good example. Though there are safer routes via bus from La Plata, some thrill-seekers choose to ride motorcycles over slippery bamboo crossings deep in the mountains, where one wrong move could mean plunging into a turbulent river.
Seriously though, I love that all four of my kiddos love music as much as I do; one of our favorite things to do on a nice sunny day is roll all the windows down, open the sun roof and ride around listening to our favorite songs! As happy I am that my children love music, I’m not always thrilled that they know most of the songs on the radio, especially when those songs contain lyrics that I am uncomfortable with my kids knowing. Lil Man already loves rap music, another of my influences, and unfortunately he has listened to and tries to repeat some of the more explicit lyrics that I am definitely not comfortable with him knowing.
Claire, Ty’s friend – she’s very secretive, full of potential. I felt I ‘knew’ her less than any other character. I loved having the chance to find out more about her in Almost True.
As long as I can remember I have loved winter. All the moments of the natural year have their unique music, fragrance and pigments, from the first Spring Peeper to the last violet Aster of November, but the colder months I relish most. It’s the robust chill and storms, rugged well-worn garments of winter clothing, hearty soups and stews. Invigorating walks deep into the empty forest, tracks in the snow, the icy filigree of rocks and streams. I love the subtle colors, textures of the dormant land, the softer light and shadows. Stripped of summer foliage, now the mountains show us their true shapes—hard ridges and soft purple hollows—the skeletal bones of our tough and weathered topography.
Preservation Hall – Visitors should not leave New Orleans without seeing a 30 minute show of traditional Dixieland jazz at Preservation Hall. We met a family from England that had come to New Orleans just to see a performance. It’s that good. Being that legendary, you will need to wait in line for the $12 ticket if you want a seat. There are six benches that hold 20 people in the hall, and everyone else stands (it holds about 50-60 people). So it pays to wait outside about an hour before the show to guarantee a great seat.
Middleton had a great turnout. I think—it seemed busy. Judging by the furry pack of canines roaming the bar, I am assuming they are dog friendly (if that matters to you). So grab yr kin, grab yr mutts and zip down to Wimberley. Dennis, brewer/owner, said next week's beer list will look totally different. He knows how to spark the interest of a beer nerd.
“He’s fighting against cultural Marxism and an Islamization of Norway and he found that the most rational … way to accomplish that was through terrorist actions on Utoya and in Oslo,” Forts said.
Partner with another brewer.
Image by Mezza – Montana’s Red Velvet Cakes
I hope this helps in your pursuit of tone. I love feedback so if you have any questions or ideas, feel free to send them my way.
Then I called Joolie to set up dinner plans and then was off to trade in some CDs. Waterloo Records was staunch in their no-Texas-ID-no-trading-in-IDs policy, so I headed to End of an Ear which was second on my list only due to geography. Having no ID policy and by virtue of the owners knowing me, I traded in some unwanted music for the new Vaselines compilation (Remastered! Live versions! Naïve, superfun pop!), Baby Loves a Funny Bunny by Fuck (in a wonderfully designed matchbook package), and classic album that will end up as a gift for a friend and therefore will not be mentioned by name here. And I still have an $ 0.80 credit! While at the store, I happened into an in-store for Here We Are Magic, who were opening for Grizzly Bear that night. I liked them well enough.
I'm in love with the colors in these two pictures! Arizona has stunning sunsets, although I have to say that a lot of the reason is because of the amount of pollution in the air. I guess it's worth it, though, because our sunsets are absolutely breathtaking!
The event reached more than 13,000 people in its second year. Whilst on the face of it this was successful some of the process had been difficult with some events cancelled last minute. Some of the cities participating felt that it needed more funding to be successful and decided to refocus their efforts on their own individual objectives. In 2010 Leeds Media took the lead on the project and re-branded it to become Leeds Digital Festival. However many in the industry were unhappy with the aims of the festival and felt that it was out of touch with the true Leeds digital scene.
How do you put a price on love?
There is a place you can catch a lot of fish, but there is natural gas bubbling to the surface and on a calm day you don't dare light a smoke.
If I should take off my shirt, I want you to be as lackadaisical about that as if your best male friend took off his shirt. Are you saying Hey alriiiight! to your best male friend and encouraging him to take off his shirt? Then I don’t want that either. Optimally, it would be nice if you didn’t even NOTICE.
Squire Paul stood and clapped a hand to George’s shoulder. “Well said. Our history is written here in this town. Our future will be written here as well, as the Lord has promised.”
The crisis at Pattison's had repercussions for the whole whisky trade:
Name yourself after the infamous quartet that held on to Chinese power only to be brought down after Mao’s death and you might get labelled. Create a new sound full of jagged guitars and disco squawking, you might get labelled. Be totally awesome and you will get my vote as one of the most vital bands of the last thirty years.
Deserter, Splashdown - I’ve loved Deserter for a long time, and it captures the essence of Joy’s story. I wanted to use it for the trailer soundtrack but it was a bit too melodic so we used Splashdown’s “Need Vs. Want” instead (Splashdown members are also friends, and they generously gave us permission!)
I am not in the best physical condition, and this book has motivated me to get out and try to do something about that—for the kingdom, as well as for me. I encourage every believer who struggles with food or the unwillingness to exercise to read this book. It’s written in a nonjudgmental way, but will remind us that we are created for a purpose and we can better serve this purpose if we are physically fit. Discussion questions are included at the end of the book making it ideal for small groups. $14.99. 241 pages.
“Do you like my pancakes?” Smiling,Tara looked over her plate at Emily, her fork poised in the air as she prepared to take a bite. “Does your mommy make pancakes for you at home?”
and into the black
Here is one example of Joseph Heller’s brilliance from Catch-22.
BLITZER: We’re going to take a quick break, but we have a lot more to discuss. Coming up, the debate questions go to space, the final frontier.
If you are in the Dallas area, you won’t want to miss this chance to learn about Margaret’s research on one of our favorite historical figures. Rest assured, I will be posting all about my experience, I am so excited to meet her!!
On Lap 3, Anderson moved into third place, passing Davalos, but moments later made a mistake that allowed Davalos to take back second place and Monster Energy/Pro Circuit/Kawasaki’s Dean Wilson to move into third. Wilson passed Davalos on Lap 5 to take over the number-two position. GIECO Honda’s Wil Hahn, of Decatur, Texas moved around Davalos on Lap 11. Wilson finished second and Hahn finished third.
We've actually made a few design changes since I created this model, which we'll reveal as we go along. These models were created as "conceptual models" before we even made an offer on the house, to communicate ideas to my husband, our structural engineer, our contractors, and to study the spaces.
Don't forget to comment on the blog hop posts from April 25th for your chance to win a stamp set from the new release! You can also win throughout the month by posting your TAWS creations to Facebook and Flikr. If you don't have any TAWS stamp sets, no worries! Alison creates a free digi image and matching sentiment each month...so get busy :)
And it’s sickening to the heart of God because he LOVES people intimately and passionately. He created us for RELATIONSHIP and we have chosen religion instead. He created us for CONVERSATION with him, and instead we have chosen rules and regulations and endless lists of do’s and don’ts.
I eliminate views that are negative and unkind.
SO GOOD, SO EASY, and SO TENDER!!
I thought of a few more things but I’m hungry and my eyes are sore… Which brings me to another hippy thing.
All told, Korean food to Korean American food is a movie to a pornography -- the entire endeavor is reduced to a single, crass purpose, which is achieved by artificial "enhancements." Yet Korean restaurants, even those only patronized by well-off Korean Americans, merrily stay in business. How?
Like most things, this confection has an interesting history. As a 2006 Ottawa Citizen article reports, “The butter tart was a staple of pioneer cooking. According to Toronto food writer Marion Kane, one of the earliest recipes dates back to 1915. There are a few theories on the origin of the butter tart. Some believe the butter tart is related to the pecan pie brought to Canada by American slaves. It’s also similar to Quebec’s sugar pie.” A 2010 Toronto Sun article goes further: “Toronto culinary historian Mary Williamson, serious collector of historic cookbooks and butter tart sleuth thinks not, and has revealed a very plausible link to Border Tarts from southern Scotland, origin of many 19th century immigrants. The Border Tart filling often contains dried fruit, sugar, eggs and butter – all ingredients our largely rural population would have handy, most from their own farms. She has also sourced the first written reference in a 1900 cookbook compiled by The Women’s Auxiliary of the Royal Victoria Hospital in Barrie. The recipe was labelled (sic) simply, ‘A filling for tarts’.”
Disadvantages
You talked with love of Normandy
Remember your honest answer and go to question 2.
#3 A good story engages you in problem solving. Have you read the Dragon Tattoo books? I'm about half-way through the third book and despite the cacophony of similar looking Swedish names they can really draw you into the action. Another recent read of mine, Karen Russell's Swamplandia!, is a tale so simultaneously tall and probable that I found myself teetering on the fence deciding if it was fantasy or not. It's the story of Ava Bigtree, the youngest in a familial line of lady alligator wrestlers and her journey to save her sister from a bad marriage to a ghost. All the while trying to save the family theme park. Every problem lays out an array of possible solutions--some concrete and others vague--begging the reader to help in deciphering the clues and putting the mystery to rest.
Organisers agree a general theme for a session, but there is no agenda in Open Space. Participants meet in the round and are invited to post sessions under more specific headings.
Their books contain poetry, thought, essays, interviews, recipes, art, stories, histories, futures, all beautifully written. I was honoured to be asked to paint the skin of this endeavour. It's an important and resonant thing, and I urge you to buy a copy for yourself. It also coincides with and celebrates the 200th anniversary of the Luddite rebellion. Throughout the book, there's a focus on an honest acceptance of death, and a hopeful forward-looking, there's earthiness and lyricism. And who could not cheer on a project that promises to write with dirt under its fingernails?
I have been a reader of Country Living Magazine since 1976ish
“It was pretty entertaining because most of the other work was either behind glass or a sculpture and most people didn’t even see this work until they got in the room and turned around and saw it,” said Faler.
Discrimination against Unmarried Women
It was for reasons of vanity rather than out of gustatory concerns that I left this out: it was about the green bits in the teeth after. As long as you designate someone to be on teeth duty – signing to you when you need to go and defoliate – it’ll be finE."
It is there I bow to worship. There, I lay down all my fears and worries.
years, this was his only major directorial post since his tenure
The bread is crusty with a fluffy middle often protected by generous mounds of cream cheese, blue cheese or chickpea puree. I identify my favourites early - the prawn on spiced cauliflower puree is addictively delicious and the eggplant chip with blue cheese is a magical combination of sweet eggplant and golden breadcrumbs hugged by a piquant hillock of blue cheese, cream cheese and honey. I return for seconds of both.
That is why James became the moderator of theJerusalemchurch and that is why Peter, during this age of grace is without authority.
I can't sit still lately. My mind is going a hundred miles an hour, dreaming up new ideas, trying to remember old ideas, jumping from one project to the next and feeling frustrated that I never feel "finished". I've been keeping a journal full of thoughts and ramblings, filling it with ideas that come to me in the middle of the night, or while washing dishes. If I don't write the ideas down, they will be gone momentarily, making room for the next lightbulb going off in my head!
It began mundane enough. A man named similarly as the world’s Harry Potter-figure turned out to be more similar to that character in more ways than one. Soon enough he was journeying through various stories, myths, and tropes as he undertook one quest after another. First he sought his father, the man who created him, and eventually he ran after the source of the magical strangeness that has suddenly befallen his life.
The chair was the rocking chair we had since our daughter was a baby.
Things like this just fuel my fears - fears over what happens to my child at school and on the bus - fears over what will happen when she is out of school, riding special transportation, and at a work site. These are the fears of my nightmares.
Audibook:
Wisdom is knowing what to do.
Ian asked us, as he often did in this very interactive workshop, whether we thought this year, 2012, would be just another year. Few if any of us raised our hands. He congratulated us, because this is the year that the Mayan Long Count calendar changes over, see: http://hpanwo.blogspot.co.uk/2010/03/2012-rumours-of-our-deaths-have-been.html. And of course we’re now in the fifth year of the financial crisis, and he is convinced that this is a contrived event. Even the former head of Goldman Sachs, Greg Smith, is speaking out about the corrupt nature of his old company. The board of Goldman Sachs in private speak with open derision about the majority of their investors which they call “muppets”, while the important members who are destined for better fortune are called “players”; however I imagine one can become the other at a word from one of the board-members. (I wonder which James Randi is! See: http://hpanwo.blogspot.co.uk/2012/02/other-side-of-james-randi.html). The current financial domination of the world dates back to the signing of the act in 1913 which brought into being the Federal Reserve; luckily that act has a sunset clause and was always planned to expire after just ninety-nine years; well the Fed Act was signed on December the 21st of December 1913… so is there anybody else who still thinks 2012 is going to be just another year? There’s a video on YouTube of a stockbroker called Alessio Rastani speaking with really explosive candour that was later pulled by the BBC; here it is: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aC19fEqR5bA. Rastani himself has been discredited and demonized as a fraud and attention-seeker; a common tactic used against people telling the truth. Rastani is basically and frankly telling the viewer that the financial system is doomed, while the Government is trying to keep the public harnessed to the hopes of its recovery packages. Ian’s parents are in their eighties and Ian often tells them that they are the last generation of working class people in which the family can live off the single basic week income of the father. Today in a working-class family it is rare to find a situation in which both parents don't have to work every hour they can just to make ends meet. The Euro Crisis, together with the collapse of the US Dollar are the lead weights that will drown the world. Nigel Farage, one of the few politicians I’d trust to tell me the time of day, is willing to speak out in the European Parliament and expose this elephant in the room: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=llDYLb7HoIk. Unfortunately, it’s a little-known fact that the EU Parliament is just an adversary body and has no legislative powers at all. The unelected EU President and his cabinet make all the decisions, even if every MEP votes against them. (Farage was involved in a light aircraft crash during his 2010 General Election campaign from which he luckily survived. I wonder if it was an accident.) Greece, as a nation, no longer exists, and is now wholly-owned collateral of the European Central Bank. Even its priceless antiquities have been sold to try and alleviate its horrific debts. It seems the crucial kingpin, as has been the case for the last few years, is Ireland, which is why Ian has been touring Ireland a lot lately with his friend Jim Corr, see: http://www.jimcorr.com/. On May the 31st the Irish people go to the polls in a referendum, just like they did with the Treaty of Lisbon; and so there is one more chance to scupper the EU agenda, but will the “NO” vote work this time? Are the Irish people awake enough to avoid the same trap they fell into over Lisbon?
1/16/2012: I got the second spanking today. It was a little harder, and longer, but not unbearable. But, she did come up with a new twist........she would stop and make me unclench my ass and then go on paddling me. It was hard not to clench but I managed to stay unclenched a lot of the time because that is what she told me to do. I love her more everyday!!! P.S. If you read the second comment, it's from my wife!!!
If you are only developing content as a means to an end, if your only purpose is usually to get search website traffic by influencing the search engine rankings then you, and I, deserve to fail. What made this all the worse is that I have pushed aside my own gut feelings, and deserted my coaching as a writer and academic. So, now it really is time to cease playing this futile game known as Seo and begin getting down for the actual business of offering our customers as well as Google what they need. Whenever you recognize that they’re one as well as the exact same thing, you’ll be able to move on and build an excellent web page on solid foundations.
Consolidated Media Reports allow publishers to represent their total brand with additional print and digital products alongside their core circulation. If you’re looking for one or several Consolidated Media Reports, there’s a new option in e-Data to easily access these reports for newspapers, magazines and business publications.
French
The actors are all good. Samuel L. Jackson doesn't get much to do beyond glowering, but no one glowers quite like Samuel L. Cobie Smulders fits right in in a way that makes me look forward to seeing more of her in upcoming Marvel Universe movies. Mark Ruffalo is a breath of fresh air, playing Banner as part-hippie, part-science geek. Chris Hemsworth, Chris Evans, and Robert Downey Jr. continue to find shades to their characters, giving them moments of recognizable humanity; Downey is especially a force, getting to be the usual cynical smartass, basically acting like he's still starring in his own movie--in a good way. And it needs to be said that, in his way, Clark Gregg as Agent Coulson is the one who sort of unifies the whole thing, playing a character we've come to know from his appearances in various movies and who stands in for the audience on several occasions.
1/8 tsp. ground nutmeg
THE FACTS:
To keep a closer update on us you can follow our facebook..
Had a bad cold, nevertheless
All I could think about was how it was wrong and how I couldn’t fix it and this made me a terrible employee and on and on. And in the grand scheme of things, it’s really not that big a deal. But I couldn’t stop myself from thinking I should do something more to fix it. Go back to the (empty) office. Send emails (to people I knew couldn’t fix it). Call my boss (who was already home, and couldn’t fix it from there, and whom I already emailed). I was able to see that all of these thoughts were completely irrational, though, and when it started to turn into what a terrible employee and, therefore, terrible person I was, I forcibly distracted myself and the thoughts subsided.
NO APPLAUSE, JUST THROW MONEY:
Santo is brewed using pale two-row and pils malted barley, a dash of malted wheat and an addition of dark malt. Saint Arnold uses Hallertau Hersbrucker hops, added to the brew kettle in four separate cycles to create a delicate flavor and aroma. It has an original gravity of 1.045 (11.4° Plato), bitterness of 15 IBU and alcohol content (by volume) of 4.9 percent.
No further Bloops have been heard since 1997, although other loud and unexplained sounds have been recorded in other places under different circumstances.
She has also been diversifying herself whether it’s using water colors, or trying her hand at sculpting, there is always something new she’s giving a try. “Most of my inspiration comes from my music, or things i find on the internet.”, she said.
With sickness,
As today I bid to thee farewell
Each one of you are such a big part of my life now. A celebration would not be complete without you all in it with me.
While it is not photography (yes Virginia there is other art besides photography), make sure you see Alterpolitan: An Indoor Sculpture Garden at 30 W. Monroe where the lobby of the Inland Steel building has been transformed into an urban garden. http://www.popupartloop.com/active.php?id=140.
The forearm scratching (instead of laughing) was a bit of a reach for me. We weren’t really given any understanding as to what brought it on. Why don’t vampires laugh in the first place? Or why couldn’t they have facial expressions? I wish it were better explained.
INDIANAPOLIS, Indiana — US authorities have seized a record $4.8 million in fake Super Bowl souvenirs and tickets and shut down 669 websites, most from China, aimed at duping consumers with counterfeit items. US Immigration and Customs Enforcement …
He continued freelancing in the recording and radio studios, most notably with the Dorsey Brothers and on Glenn Miller’s earliest recording date as a leader in 1935, playing on “Solo Hop”. At the same time, however, Berigan made the association that graduated him to fame in his own right: he joined Benny Goodman’s re-forming band. Legendary jazz talent scout and producer John Hammond, who also became Goodman’s brother-in-law in due course, later wrote that he helped persuade Gene Krupa to re-join Goodman, with whom he’d had an earlier falling-out, by mentioning that Berigan, whom Krupa admired, was already committed to the new ensemble. With Berigan and Krupa both on-board, the Goodman band made the legendary, often disheartening tour that ended with their unexpectedly headline-making stand at the Palomar Ballroom in Los Angeles, the stand often credited with the “formal” launch of the swing era. Berigan left Goodman to spend some time with Tommy Dorsey’s orchestra; his solo on the Dorsey hit “Marie” became considered one of his signature performances. Then, in 1937, Berigan assembled a band to record under his name, picking the then-little known Ira Gershwin/Vernon Duke composition, “I Can’t Get Started“. Berigan’s crisp trumpet work and passable vocal made the song the biggest hit of his career and his theme for the rest of his life. Berigan modeled his trumpet style in part on Louis Armstrong’s style, and often acknowledged Armstrong as his own idol. Armstrong, for his part, returned the compliment after Berigan’s death, saying the only thing wrong with Berigan was that he died too young.
1) After finishing Wells Fargo Quest/Boat Quest Part 2, talk to the king of Manarch again (picture 1 lol). This would be after he gave you the Golden Sextant. He says since you helped in the past he wishes to ask you for help again getting boat trade up again. The king used to do trade with the town of Beacom, but they haven't been sailing over lately, so he wants you to investigate. He then directs you to his regent, adviser or whatever to get more info.
Now, she meant that she needed her prints done for a background check, but she somehow managed to make it sound almost like she needed a test for drugs or STD's before she could start her job. How do some people manage to breathe??
I had an interesting discussion with a co-worker today about why I read what I kindly refer to as smut books. I responded that it was mindless fantasy with a happy ending guaranteed. I don't have to think to read most of them.
He added, "This matrix that we find ourselves in now is totally untenable, especially since the pensions of ordinary citizens are at stake. Government has misled the public. We believe that this might possibly be one of the biggest post-democratic era scandals to date. I will raise this matter at the next possible opportunity at Parliament, as the taxpayer deserves answers on this matter," concluded Singh.
McKinney is charged in a cocaine conspiracy involving 20 kilograms of the drug, as well as a substantive drug possession charge and one count of receiving a bribe. If convicted, McKinney faces a mandatory minimum prison term of 10 years and a potential sentence of life imprisonment.
You and I know
Serve them as such, serve them as chaat, serve them with dips and your party is on fire from the starters :)
I also make food. Usually something very simple like hotdogs and then I throw in a few Halloween treats just to make things fun. This year we’re doing hotdogs, “brain dip”, halloween candy bark and just your basic chips and dip. And of course there will be candy. For drinks, we have an assortment of soft drinks, koolaid and my favorite, hot spiced Concord grape juice. Yum.
from UNESCO – the UN educational, scientific and cultural organisation
You've got some European shows set for late spring. What comes after?
At first, the work was very interesting because I had no experience working in an actual research lab surrounded by actual scientists. I was eager to soak up knowledge and asked plenty of questions. When it came time for independent work and growing our own cultures I felt less motivated to do this because I excited to move on to the next stage of sequencing organisms. As such, I decided not to work with any of the organisms I found and I am hoping to work with an organism that was grown and isolated by the group.
“Well you better go catch it!” Again hysterical laughter filled the earpiece.
The slow foundational firming and improvement that we’ve been observing since mid-March is becoming tangibly personal — not a theory, not something we’re witnessing in our environment, but something we are experiencing for ourselves. The Sun is bringing that to fruition, along with some of the promise of last Saturday’s Taurus New Moon.
Wait a second. Almost everything makes Glenn Beck cry.
For some reason, my mind keeps remembering that day when my math teacher accused me of cheating on the math test. I was 11, we had geometry and I had, uncharacteristically, studied for the test. I aced it. The only A in the class. It was definitely unbelievable, even to me. Looking back over the years of barely scraping by with Cs, I can now see how the teacher had to accuse me of cheating. Except I didn't. And it kinda broke my heart.
1 cup instant rice
- Fresh honeydew melons $2.96 each (Mexico or Guatemala)
Shirley Collins' music is best heard in the small hours of the day, late evening or early morning, when most of the world is sleeping and your own thoughts aren't quite as loud. Equal parts austerity and warmth, her voice wraps around you like a old quilt on a cold day. And her music is the quilt-work of the British Isles, spun by the hands of laborers destined to anonymity as the "small" people of history but whose melodies and words have outlived most music bound to commercialism. Collins has passed that quilt on to successive generations of folk music lovers with her own indelible stitches. She may not have been the first person to commit these songs to tape but her records are held in high esteem as a reference point by both music nuts and music scholars. The further back you go with music that has fallen into the 'public domain', the more variations on the songs you have, and with Shirley's repertoire we are talking very old indeed. So old that those variations are often subjects of debate, and Shirley wrote some of her own melodies using anonymous pieces of song poetry.
Other: Copic Marker R29
I wrote about my honeymoon photo book here, you can see some of the page layouts. But this time, I wanted to show you what a good job My Publisher does. They have a hotline in case you need it, and they have great customer service (but I have never had to use it because everything turned out great.) They even have a mailing list and often send out discount codes.
It’s because the SSA thinks Dad is not in a nursing home.
In France during the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries there were sometimes no difference between Lenten meals and regular ones, at least for the aristocracy. People would simply find excuses not to fast, complaining, according to the great French gastronome Brillat-Savarin “it irritated them, gave them headache, and prevented them from sleeping. All the troubles associated with the spring were put down to the score of the fast, so that one did not fast because he thought he was poorly, another because he had been, and a third because he feared to be.”
No. Evilovski does not have me brainwashed. I’m just a dude.
1. I am a new fan of elite level women’s hockey and
Facilities: Spotless, so well kept, the staff deserve a big thumbs up.
Add rice cakes and cream and let them cook until the sauce gets thicken, stirring occasionally.
I can think of MANY things that I have
Takes all you got just to stay on the beat
I hate wearing sweaters,
Challengers that introduced unconsidered evidence:
Ghost Hunter 1: Did you hear that? It sounded like the bellow of a haunted soul
Beta-carotene Ka-pow!
I go to DC tomorrow for the weekend with one of my bridesmaids, Dell. Save Ryan a trip. We're going to Shamrock Fest Saturday and I am pretty excited. I love Saint Patrick's Day... the party Ryan and I met at was for that!!
Floating through the discourse of life
I finished both my VSVs just after 2pm, so Andy gave me a crack at writing a pack (something I hadn’t done in a few weeks). The pack was on the North Queensland Tourism Awards that were held on the Friday night gone. Writing intros to packs are quite easy, but I’ve discovered my main issue comes from writing the first two sentences in the SOT (which is the main body of the story). Reef HQ and Remote Area Dive were both inducted into the Hall of Fame for winning an award in a certain category for the third year in a row, while lots of other local business won awards and were acknowledged for excellence in service in tourism during a tough economic time.
I'm sorry if you don't know what Go-Go Juice is... and believe me if you don't that's totally ok! I have a guilty pleasure...BAD TV. So I was watching some TLC and there was a program on...and well Go-Go Juice was brought up... oh my oh my! But anyway it was the inspiration for this card :)
And then it was bed time.
“I’m homo for the holidays, get used to it dear!
I said back to her: "Addison, if Mommy closes the box for you, I will know where you are hiding."
For more information on the Wankel design follow the links by clicking on the highlighted and underlined phrases in the article above.
2. All My Rowdy Friends Are Coming Over Tonight -- Hank Williams Jr.
During the month of May 2012, add this to your cart along with purchase of $6 or more and during checkout use the coupon code: May2012Collab
We need to let go of the need to tell others what we think or feel they should do. In essence that's a way of trying to control others, even if our intentions our pour and our heart has good intentions.
Irishman 2: And is that a harp you're carrying, now? Well, then you could play us some tunes and stay all day.
I was very, very amused. But, you know, they didn't go to school to study geography; it was probably unimportant in light of all the medical knowledge they had crammed into their brains. They were absolutely awesome doctors. They did know what they were doing. They got Hubby on the right medications (it took two tries--the first med they gave him made him not be able to hear). However, he had developed pneumonia, so we were in the hospital for a week because of the malaria and pneumonia. I spent numerous hours sitting in the dark hospital room (since Hubby couldn't stand the light), writing and chatting on AIM and staying sane. I ran back and forth between the hospital and apartment to shower/pick things up. It was quite a honeymoon. :p
So many of Slick Rick's other songs are party/club staples, but "Hey Young World" is the classic that is sometimes forgotten. Yet when it comes on, like acid flashbacks for a nation of assimilated negroes, schoolyard memories flood the brain, and all forms of pretense and posturing must fade to the background. Produced by Rick himself; the smooth string loop, dinky-dinky-dink toy-piano riff, and bouncy back-and-forth flow with what can now only be described as his "gay voice" essentially captures the carefree spirit of a hip hop nursery rhyme. An adorably irresistible encapsulation of hip hop's essence; it basically gets everyone within listening range in the mood for a game of freeze-tag or hide-and-go-seek.
“You tell that short fat fuck he better not have fucked anything up, Sid. You hear me?”
1 TBSP soy sauce
Did kinda enjoy the small bit about her mom being the Huntress, though. I’m assuming she was a different Huntress from the one that’s buddy-buddy with Batman in the comics? Was there more than one character in the DC world that went by that name? Blah, comic continuity confuses.
Just a few days before Valentine’s Day, Margaret visits her aunt’s craft consignment shop hoping for a spell or oil, and any advice on how to re-connect with her husband, Michael, who has become distant since losing his job. Determined to save her marriage, she gets more than she bargained for from Aunt Minny, a practicing witch. Armed with recipes to enhance love, a massage oil type love potion, a new Valentine’s Day candle and a book on Sacred Sex Rituals,
Now I was in the front seat of the ambulance. Evan was beside me. The paramedics would not let us in the back with Sawyer. We were both in the front seat. The ambulance driver told us only one could sit up front. The other would have to drive separately. Evan promised he would be right behind us. We left Uncle W., the night nurse and the police in the house with our twins who miraculously were still asleep. We drove away.
The Dragon Who Loved Me, by G.A Aiken, coming September 2011. This story will continue the perilous journey to war the Drangon’s have been on and delve into the love of two extraordinarily different dragon’s. Will the northern barbarian tame our southern low born?
Well, I can’t say it’s completely done, because I still have to finish typing all my recipes, which takes a while, BUT I just keep doing a little at a time. Eventually I’ll get them all typed up and added to my new binder.
1422 D-IV/23/2002. “On Learning From and With Others.” Constitutional Law Course, The School of Law, Loyola University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois.
every Christmas.
Two new members joined us yesterday and were settled in and made to feel welcome by Fran, our charming 'welcome committee'.
Gregory: we already have that
As Christian workplace believers we must make sure that our practices are righteous in God’s sight. If not, we can expect the enemy to be released to judge that sin. Ask the Lord today if there is any unrighteousness in your business practices that makes you vulnerable to judgment.
I'm not patient with them or their thorns (giggle)
The central story revolves around Hypatia of Alexandria (born ca. 350 to
would you think that the branch had an ulterior motive?
I have the kids tomorrow. I know I should be here at the store working with only 6days till we open, but, Kasi called and I had to say yes. I really wanna see them and I really just wanna spend some quality time with the little munchkins...it's been a while.
The thing that I really love about resilience though is that it’s not one of those ‘genetic’ blessings we’re born with (or without). Maybe some of us instinctively have a little more than others. But on the whole, I believe, resilience is learnt. We can acquire skills, knowledge and experiences to make us more resilient.
Spring has hit here in the Mid Atlantic. With that comes lacrosse practice and play practice and running here and there and everywhere (Seussical influence as of late).
PIIPA is Public Interest Intellectual Property Advisors, Inc. It describes itself as "a global nonprofit resource for emerging economies and public interest organizations in developing countries seeking expertise in intellectual property matters to promote health, agriculture, biodiversity, science, culture, and the environment". The second in PIIPA's series of Pro Bono IP Case Studies has now been circulated by email. It reads as follows:
Combine this with you camping trip and you’ll kill two birds with one stone. You have to experience sleeping in the open air, just looking up at the stars and universe above you, wondering if other life exists, and feeling so lucky to be alive. To be part of this big world and huge planet.
I put a map for the background to go with "story map." However, when I showed it to my colleague to preview she asked me, "Why do you have a flag in the background?" Hahah....SO it might come across looking like a flag:) You can just decide for yourself if you would like to use one!
Sure it’s just another mundane day with nothing spectacular on the horizon. But that doesn’t mean God won’t pull you in or use you to touch a life in some special way today.
The characters are what makes this such an exceptional book because they are just so real. Cousins uses so many tiny details to bring the boys to life and they're definitely two of my favourite characters of this year. I was absolutely rooting for them from the outset, which make the book so much more enjoyable than if I'd only had lukewarm feelings for them. Caring about the characters raises the stakes and makes the outcome of the novel so much more important and I was really hoping things worked out as well as possible for Jay and Laurence.
He would delight in making ironic use of the jargon of advertising and PR, and mocking the construction (and indeed constriction) of the human being as primarily a consumer and of the measurement of human progress primarily by economic indicators. And he would love to stand on the elevators of the Tube stations of London, looking at the vast array of human types from all around the world before him and listening to the sounds and stresses of their English and thinking of the images and transcriptions that would make them live again in his work.
Post-script: Fun thought for people like me who know entirely too much about pop culture: John Carter when he is transported to Mars has exceptional strength and jumping capabilities due to the fact that Mars has lower gravity than Earth. The book Princess of Mars was written in 1917. Jerry Siegel and Joe Shuster wrote their first Superman comic book in 1932. Part of the reason that Superman is so powerful on Earth is that his body is designed for life on Krypton and the difference in gravity, the type of sun and whatnot results in him being, well, super. Both Siegel and Shuster were avid science fiction fans, so odds are very high that they had read Princess of Mars. Given that they did obviously borrow from other sources when they wrote Superman (even the name is derived from Ubermensch, a term used by Nietzche), it’s not that crazy to think that the book Princess of Mars and this story contributed at least a little bit to the creation of Superman.
Click on my Pinterest and look under Crafty to find the directions and orginial pin.
He has affected to render the Military independent of and superior to the Civil power.
We are in no way interested in dinner and decide to relax at our villa . . . enjoying olives, cheese, pistachios, and of course Prosecco. Linda has thoughtfully brought a trivia game for foodies, and we enjoy many more laughs!
I am lost in a sea of pseudo-olde-english with learning to play lawn bowls, being distracted by the shiny, just generally being asleep, dreaming and chancing to anyone unfortunate to cross my path, my day is a nightmare I would like to wake up from mid-morning to sun down and beyond. I am plotting and planning. perchance.
That’s the thing about dogs and cats. They fill our hearts with love. They also fill our carpets with hair, but hey, who cares? As my friend Jennifer said, Jeter’s shedding helps me not be so OCD about neatness. I am writing about Jeter today, because he ran around the yard and made me laugh first thing this morning. I just wanted him to do his business so that I could come inside and get everything together for my day, but the Jetes thought that I needed some time on the deck to appreciate a fine spring day. He’s like that–he just seems to know what I need.
Flying out of Lima to Cusco was a quick 1 hour flight. It was quite amazing to see the desert transform into the Andes. Seeing the mountains so close as we were flying at high altitude was breathless. It felt as if I could touch them. Stepping out of plane, I was expecting to feel like I couldn’t breathe because of all the horror stories on the web about high altitude. The air felt so clean and I was still able to breathe deeply as I walked off the tarmac. I could feel a heaviness in the air and felt like I had to move in slow motion but nothing to panic about which was great. There were vendors trying to sell you stuff as you exited off the plane onto the bus. Mothers with children strapped on their backs as they were selling you items made your heart sink. As we boarded the bus we were given coca tea to help with the adjustment to high altitude.
Drain the ricotta overnight to get rid of excess water. Cook the swiss chard leaves in boiling water, drain and let cool. Squeeze out excess water and chop finely. Mix the ricotta, swiss chard and remaining ingredients in a bowl. Add more flour if necessary, but the least amount of flour you add, the lighter the gnocchi will be. Dust your hands with flour and roll into oblong shapes. Cook in a pot with ample water, salted until the gnocchi rise to the surface. Drain.
3) they have gone to social media week or such event and start following everyone under the hashtags regardless of who you are, if they even met you at the event and once added then never talk to you….
For all the rest of us, I still see the micro 4/3 cameras to be the optimum compromise with very good image quality and small, high quality lenses; i.e. the optimum carry-with-you size camera for travel, street, and general all around use. Most of the manufacturer’s excursions above and below that size are being driven by marketing and the desire to establish a unique niche. From research & technology, ergonomic, and cost viewpoints, I see my future to be with micro 4/3 cameras with better image quality, the best affordable lenses, and the best size for handling and carrying.
"Yup," Denise angled her charge's Dora umbrella down to shade her own face from the sun. "The two of them came around the playground on the Upper West Side where I worked with a notepad and pen asking all the babysitters a bunch of questions. Said they went to NYU and they were working on a book report. And don't you know sitters recognize themselves in that story? So, you never know, my dear."
I guess this also leads me to think about loving your baby – when that shift happens. But that’s probably a completely different post.
I think I will forgive her
And that was it. Quick, efficient, even enjoyable. Kerri picked me up and I was back home for a late morning tea in the sun.
Some of you might remember, if you were of the right age and of that inclination in the 70s, several books written by Carlos Casteneda of his time with the Yaqui shaman Don Juan. The first, The Teachings of Don Juan, and the succeeding books shaped my own vision.
My own life is not a constant bed of roses. But I’m quite happy. I am married to a very wonderful man, who I’ve known since 1978. We became involved in 1986, and moved in together in 1987. Sure we had some problems in the beginning – we both brought baggage from our previous relationships – but we overcame those problems. In 1996, we bought our house off our landlord and paid off the mortgage in 2006. Unfortunately, our roof sprang a leak and 5 years ago, we had to take out a second mortage to do a total tear-off and roof replacement. And a new porch cost us $4,000.00 – oh well. John and I got married in 2002 – and we have been very happy together. He will retire next year, and me – well, I got a few more years to go before I retire. In the meantime, we are getting some needed improvements done on our house – I got some more plants and things just ready to get in the ground in the next couple of weeks – once we get the exterior of our house done, then we got the inside to remodel. We know it’s going to be a lot of hard work – but we are looking forward to it.
There must have been a day like the day before it
I spent Thursday morning as teacher's helper in Junior's nursery school. We helped 25 four year olds make Easter baskets from old milk containers. I was in charge of helping them glue on cotton tails, stick on whiskers, draw on faces, and affix ears. In case you've never been to hell it sounds like this:
Mr. Grant said working with female clients requires advisers to listen closely and show them they were heard. Advisers then need to convert what they’ve learned into an investment strategy, he said. Mr. Grant stressed the need to be genuine in helping clients. He mentioned a few unique services he’s performed, such as helping a client buy a Jaguar, her first car purchase as a widow, and selecting cellphones and service plans with older women overwhelmed by the features and terms.
activities of their children
They asked if you would write his story. I got to thinking that maybe . . .”
3. To acknowledge God’s place in every part of our life is the first step toward successful living
I have to learn to embrace those changes…
Part of me really really wishes that the lyrics were known to the online world. They would add another layer to emotions that music is trying to express. Regardless, enjoy this release from a fairly unknown project that almost slipped past my gaze.
Since I couldn't get any luck from trying to get a photo taken together with Chef Tyler Florence; Emily, Elisabeth, Angela and I started to head back to the hotel since we were pretty much done with all the food tasting. Before leaving, we took a couple more shots of course and grab a taxi back to the hotel.
It was also bloody freezing. My Mum managed to get a couple of days off from work and caught the train down from monday till wednesday. OH came through weds night as on thursday Dan had an mri scan due at leeds…so on the thurday he had to drive Dan all the way to leeds and then back to brid. There was NO way that we were going home early just cos he had to have the mri. :)
So, in that spirit of thankfulness and gratitude, let the holiday season begin!
Square Spellbinder die
I have to look at things a while to figure out if I like them.
2) ED Michigan - 18.5%
-Shower and tidy bathroom while in there
For my brothers and sisters in Christ's remnant wherever you may be .. let us not be faint during these trying times but remember that His grace is sufficient and He will not leave us. These trials will strengthen us and test our faith so as to refine us according to His will. Let us each strive to cast off what is dross, take note of the lateness of hour and be in prayer for one another always. This abomination of man must fall and His kingdom will prevail. His promises are assured and His coming at hand. May we all be found faithful and joyous at heart at His return. Amen.
'One of the teachers spoke. Her son had washed his passport twice in the washing machine in his first term. He couldn't get it sorted in time to come home for his first Christmas.'
Never really into sports, not overly graceful (understatement of the year), and more likely to be found reading a book than working out.
Sunday it's all about skill builders:
I’ve heard that from day one in French schools students are taught that they’re not good enough. They colored outside the lines, they misspelled the word 'immatriculation' - whatever the teacher can criticize, he or she will without hesitation. In my opinion, this explains a lot about the thanklessness in the office.
You will see at the bottom of the screen there is a little green figure - it is so realistic. I can see myself all wobbly and life like working out. You get scanned when you first start the game and then can re-scan yourself at anytime. The game is exactly like the programme with a weekly weigh in and a weekly challenge. You get to pick your fat character who also works out with you and the trainer.
Through the words of prose lies many’a tale,
drwxrwxr-x 4 root root 96 Oct 11 13:13 VRTSddlpr
Well, I love bananas and I love walnuts, so puting them together in a cake sounded like a great idea to me and I already had some bananas and walnuts at home, so I inmediately decided to do it ^^
So, do you have any epic dreams? If you would like a general interpretation, let me know and I'll see what I can do in my free time.
KA VOUROKEFTES 16
11. Friendly Fire
This obstacle cannot strike a blow to the goal of running a marathon because I have already done it! Amazing!
I feel like I am in a walking hell at the moment and I can't find an exit route to take out of it. Because not only did *I* lose my mother, four weeks later, my own husband lost his Mother. We have only been back in the country not even a week, and during our time in England, my daughter and I came down with either food poisoning or a nasty bug on the plane. We were so sick in fact, that my daughter couldn't even get off the floor of the hotel room because of throwing up so much, and we both missed the funeral. Once returning from England, I also promptly came down sick again, this time running fever and now my daughter has it too. I am thankful to God that it wasn't nearly as severe as it was in England.
Owning a vineyard is a labor intensive business. To grow grapes for making wine the owner of the vineyard must invest a great deal of time and money to cultivate vines in the right soil, in the right location, hoping for perfect weather and sunlight in order to bring in a good harvest with is fit for making wine. It takes years for a vineyard to produce sufficient fruit to make a good wine. Sometimes it takes as many as ten years before new vines are mature and ready for wine-making. During the process the vineyard owner must carefully prune his vines and care for the daily, inspecting for disease or pests. There is a joke among vineyard owners: how do you make a small fortune with a winery? Start with a large fortune and buy a winery.
What I also liked is the fact it is easy to clean - just wipe it down.
The parallels between the characters in Feist and those in classic Arthurian novels doesn’t escape me, nor the fact that it mirrors Star Wars mythology. I suppose it’s a universal theme that resonates with many – the humble beginnings of an individual who is thrust into traumatic circumstances only to find that this is exactly what he/she was born to do. Add in the wise mentors and loyal friends, and it’s hard not to root for them.
OKAY. Here is what I've changed:
Ah, the generator. A household must that never crossed my mind to procure before I moved to the Frozen Tundra. When it comes to generators, there is an order of supremacy. First, there are the "haves" and the "have-nots". People without generators are the have-nots, pitiful souls at the mercy of the elements, doomed to move to a hotel or worse, the in laws. Those with the foresight and just plain good old Yankee common sense and Boy Scout-level of preparedness...well, obviously those are the haves. As in having heat, water and flush toilets, a fridge, some lights, a way to charge the cell phone, DVD's for the kiddies who can't read or otherwise haven't the first clue on how to entertain themselves, and maybe even....the Internet".
October 8 - Mikey Welsh, rock bassist (Weezer), 40
“Believe in the Lord Jesus, and you will be saved…” (v31).
But I knew I’d be all right somehow I just knew everything would be ok. Although the other part of me was literally terrified, scared that Clayton wouldn’t like me once we met and vice versa too.
“Are you sure about this, Zeph?” he asked as he advanced towards me.
Then you have to close the whole blog down and start over its so frustrating..
Winners, please grab our blinkie and display it proudly on your blogs.<U+FEFF>
I laughed when other older women were trying to figure out how to wear a scandalous shirt (many cut out areas, backless and a gold chain halter tying it all together. Yes, scandalous) I retired from my college days. One woman said she couldn’t possibly wear it, have a photo taken in it and end up on Facebook, because she would surely be fired.
threats
When a composer seemingly wants acoustic instruments to imitate the sounds and textures of electronic ones, I suppose it is pointless to object to the fantasy-world recording balance which places the listener right inside the ensemble - so much so that, listening with my old and trusted AKG K-240 DF headphones, I felt as if I was hearing rosin on the bows of the Ensemble Intercontemporain string players. You'll never hear music this way in a concert hall, but that may be irrelevant because Fujikura's sound world is far closer to Jimmy Hendrix' guitar feedback effects than to the buttery textures of a Brahms symphony floating in the acoustic warmth of the Boston Symphony Hall. Boulez delivered Fujikura's Fifth Station with such adrenalin-drenched intensity, and with such reassuring control of the piece's frenetic energy, that not even for a moment did I listen to the music "from the outside", so to speak. I simply went along for the ride, which felt like the 3:00 a.m. drag race on Hollywood Boulevard.
I think four finished novels is a good goal to shoot for. It'd be great to post a year from now and say that I had achieved that goal, plus the musical projects. Hell, it'd be a great year.
Also known as “rocket”, arugula is native to the Mediterranean. Though it has been grown since Roman times and well recognized as an aphrodisiac, before the 1990s it was most commonly harvested wild and was cultivated on a large scale or researched scientifically. It grows well in dry climates, and its leaves, flowers, young seed pods and mature seeds are all edible (though we will only receive the leaves).
Moore Theater, Seattle, WA 1992-01-17
Allegiances shift when the brothers finally track down Warm and realise that the Commodore’s tracker Morris is now in cahoots with him. The Sisters follow the pair out to a gold claim, and at this point De Witt reveals his skill at character development that is not smothered in disingenuousness or irony. This section is really where the novel finally found a heart to match its cleverness. The Sisters Brothers is an intelligent, well crafted novel. If my own preference is for something a little more earnest and honest in its exploration of the human heart and mind (especially having caught a glimpse of de Witt’s perfect aim in this regard), the critics thought it was pretty much perfect as it stood: The Sisters Brothers won both the Governor General’s and the Writers’ Trust awards last year.
The quirky love-hate duet "Could You Use Me?" was something that Eddie Quillan and Arline Judge actually might have handled pretty well if RKO had deigned to include it in 1932. But they didn't, and it was left to Mickey and Judy to bring it to the screen. Filmed in punishing 112-degree heat on location on a desert road outside Palm Springs (with pickup shots in the relative comfort of a soundstage back in Culver City), it's a cheerful charmer in which Judy manages to suggest that Ginger's resistance to Danny's brash advances is already beginning to melt.
I kind of probably don't belong, or wont belong, well I'm off now because I only have a few minutes since I was procrastinating the whole time.
As I was about to find a seat to sit, the bus started rolling its wheels aggressively. I could slide if I didn’t hold an iron bar on time. The bus here was terrible… It seemed as if I wasn’t riding on a bus but a roller coster on the road. The bus turned left, turned right sharply as if it had run alone in the street. It was much worse than the shaking ferry I took. I got a headache. I wouldn’t believe there are such buses in this world if I didn’t tried it. I wondered how the elderly took this crazy bus…
On the flight she makes a friend and catches the eye of handsome bad boy, Baird. She's begun to think boarding school might not be so bad when the plane crashes. The students are stranded on an island and as the days pass without rescue, people begin to act less like spoiled rich kids and more like desperate survivors.
destroyed
We can only cackle with pyromaniac delight.
One of my favorite vinyasa yoga teachers once said, “If dropping into stillness is the hardest thing for you to do, then that is what you need the most.” And so, sometime around the first frost, I came to Kripalu to try a meditative practice called yoga nidra. Translated as “yogic sleep” or “divine sleep,” this type of yoga focuses on systematic relaxation of the body while the mind enters a state of deep, meditative awareness—like dreaming while fully awake. The technique was developed by Swami Satyananda in the 1960s to make advanced, centuries-old practices of tantric meditation more accessible to everyone.
Thank you for the gifts, the conversation, the laughter, the conversation, the sight-seeing and the conversation. I loved every minute of it and I hope these meetings continue in some form or other for the rest of our lives. Deal?
Teagan and her classmate Elizabeth enjoyed recess and lunch together.
Kelburn’s Derek Moore introduced his Cart Blanche. It had suffered a bit from being jugged up from the cellar and is at the lower end of an acceptable carbonation range. It does look a little drab next to the frothy lager and the opalescent wheat beer, but tastes more complex than the more approachable beers from WEST and Harviestoun. It’s enjoyable once you get used to the woody, earthy bitterness of it.
Within the next year, my father, my uncle, and my sixty-nine-year-old grandmother had been filled with the Holy Ghost too! Just a couple of years ago two of my brothers were filled with the Spirit. Each time I have rejoiced. Yet God had an even greater joy in store for me.
1) Boil water in pot with 1 tablespoon of water. When water comes to a boil
Annual inflation now runs at an estimated 231million per cent.
04. The Shadow of Your Smile (film The Sandpiper) 1968
The Saturday panels have been well covered by Joe Gordon over on the FPI blog and they included a talk by artists John Higgins about his multi-media concept RazorJack, artists Nigel Dobbyn and Monty Nero's art workshops, the Hi-Ex Charity Auction with all proceeds going to Children 1st (the Scottish equivalent of the NSPCC) plus discussion panels on current British and Irish comics and an exploration of Celtic (Irish and Scottish) comics.
I really need to get more fit!
Lucy raised the volume of her tantrum.
Crumbs is set in London, the city is as much as a character in the movie as the protagonists and antagonists. For us, it’s key to keep as much of the film in London as possible so on a cold February morning we found ourselves running around the city looking for one of the films key locations.
Mr. Gingrich gives us a glimpse into both by his assault on activist judges. He has ramped up the rhetoric – far beyond its traditional mooring in the importance of presidential elections, because presidents populate the judiciary. That subtle interplay between the branches – a perfect instance of what we traditionally celebrate as “checks and balances” – doesn’t satisfy Mr. Gingrich.
Attributes: Force 1, Cunning 4, Wealth 3.
Said "Have you read Ken Bruen's Jack Taylor series?"
Ten years after her debut, Jones is ideally positioned for the subtle sonic makeover she undergoes on Little Broken Hearts. Written and recorded with Burton, who as producer gives the album a sonic edge that never overwhelms its star, Little Broken Hearts sounds like Norah Jones without bearing much resemblance to the work that once got her pegged as the world's most commercially dominant jazz star. Trafficking in alternately sweet and icy singer-songwriter pop, it's a reinvention, but not a radical one.
exteri-
“Indians teached the Pigrims to grow food, and eat turkey, and pie, and corn!”
“I’ve got information all right!” I said chuckling. “The author of the notes confessed to me a short while ago. And it wasn’t Giovanni!”
Classroom management is by far the thing that I struggle the most with. One of my classes really tests me on a daily basis with their behavior and I just feel worn out every time that they leave. I have done lots of reading and found some really great ideas to help me through blogs and Pinterest.
The doctor leaves and returns promptly with the nice woman who weighed me. They lower the table that’s mounted to the wall. Then they lift me onto it. I start to panic. They pin me down on my side and hold my legs.
Anyway, I thought I'd just pop in to say hi and make sure that you didn't think I had abandoned my little blog.
Not THEM.... How could they possibly know what you are actually feeling inside your own body -??
There can only be one winner for this hunka hunka burning kit!
The feast of the Dedication was then taking place in Jerusalem. It was winter. And Jesus walked about in the temple area on the Portico of Solomon.
Love from The Magnolia DT!
Reich: yes rich people and corporations have
Once at Orly, I found the entrance to the train closed thanks to a piece of unattended luggage. The cop told us we could wait around for it to re-open, it wouldn't be too much longer. While we were all standing around, the police blew up the unattended luggage without warning us beforehand. So there was a loud explosion and some people kind of dove to the ground and others kind of crapped themselves and then the cop standing there was like, "Oh...maybe I should have mentioned that part...."
I”ve felt lately like I must appear to others like this really angry little… sprite-like-creature – who is terribly ADD. I feel like people have been giving me the “o….k…” face and backing slowly away, weirded out and totally afraid of me, or they’ve been ignoring me completely — worried my crazy might rub off…
Folks are always looking for a goat. Why not Brady? Welker is an easier target.
Talk about an eye-opening moment. That did it for me. I talked to hubby, who simply said: "No kid should go hungry.". And he wasn't talking about Kerri. So I wrote a note in Kerri's school agenda to her teacher. I told her what was happening, what Kerri told us, and offered to provide snacks for the classroom to prevent this from happening. I wanted to send some right away, but hubby asked me to wait for the teacher's reply. So I ended my paragraph with "Please tell us how we can help.".
Shell/cover for both omni and echo are $21.95 right now, and the omni is on sale for $18.95
Perhaps it goes without saying, but having to return to work after this revelation (and after a fabulous 3-week honeymoon) felt more like being hauled into jail than it ususally does after a vacation. Unlike jail, however, my one phone call was to a shrink, who had been recommended to me months before and whose name I had kept handy in an uncharacteristic bout of foresight.
Nouriel Roubini, the NYU professor who predicted the current crisis, mentioned in a recent talk that throughout recorded history, there's been a more or less regular cycle of economic bubble-and-bust every ten years, with only one exception during which we managed to prevent such crises from arising for a solid fifty years: the fifty years while Glass-Steagall and other post-depression securities regulation remained in effect. Then we allowed Republicans and "New" Dems, financed by Free Marketeers, to dismantle it; and now we've got the biggest economic meltdown in history.
She went through a lot of husbands. they always died, it seems.
John McHugo, chair of Lib Dem Friends of Palestine, says, “This is a witchhunt based on trial by blog. Jenny’s motivation in speaking up for the rights of the oppressed is anger at injustice when others, who have the duty to speak out, pass by silently on the other side of the street. It is also an attempt to make Jenny the story, and to detract attention from the evils of Israel’s occupation.”
There's something about metal bands that is so hot. I'm totally obsessed at the moment.
The American Angus Association is the nation’s largest beef organization, serving 30,000 members across the United States and Canada. It provides programs and services to farmers, ranchers and others who rely on the power of Angus to produce quality genetics for the beef industry and quality beef for consumers.
The suggestion that John Mark re-join the ministry team results in a “sharp disagreement” (verse 37-38). Barnabas wants to have John Mark travel with Paul once again. Sometimes Barnabas is presented as acting like a protective uncle, hoping to give the young and inexperienced John Mark another “chance” to prove himself. While this makes good preaching, that is not the way Luke describes the disagreement between Paul and Barnabas.
Of course you wouldn’t, because such items are relatively inexpensive to purchase, and you’d be a fool to pay several dollars a month to rent something that you could buy for only a few dollars more.
Add alittle grated lime zest if you use real limes.
Although most of the aspirants to the Catholic priesthood already have been granted the necessary “nulla obsta” from Rome, all candidates will be evaluated a second time by Rome after they have completed their course of studies and been examined on it. If Rome is satisfied, then the Vatican grants a “rescript,” and the path to ordination is clear.
1 mapping
- Who really did put the bop in the bop-sha-bop-sha-bop, and how has that affected your life?
He was called King of the Jews.
The fertility clinic operator who grabbed headlines with his promise to help parents create “designer babies” has backed away from the plan—for the moment. Dr. Jeff Steinberg, director of The Fertility Institutes, earlier this year had offered parents the opportunity to select their future offspring’s hair, eye and skin color by genetically testing embryos. After an outcry, he changed his mind. “Though well intended, we remain sensitive to public perception and feel that any benefit the diagnostic studies may offer are far outweighed by the apparent negative societal impacts involved,” according to a statement posted on the clinic’s Web site this week.
I should find, for a reprimand
Mi Roo wants to know just what Tan Ya’s been up to and she just points to the butterfly wall where Goo Young Ho marked his territory. Mi Roo yells at her saying she wasn’t going to use him but Tan Ya claims that all they did was sleep.
Even so, the former Destiny Childs front lady didn’t allow the chit chat to get her down. “There was so much love and well wishes from all over the world — it made it easier to deal with the stupid rumors,” she tells People.
I can't begin to tell you how many of these single-serving cakes I've had this week plus the strong urge to swing from power lines was undeniable.
And flamed upon the brazen greaves
Very few people have heard of Rosamund Pilcher, and those who have are probably eighty and called Doris. She has written three fantastic books and many many mediocre stories and always ends up with the Barbara Taylor Bradfords and Catherine Cooksons in the romance sections of charity shops, but she doesn’t deserve that. Coming Home is one of my all-time faves.
or the seasons as they change.
(I wrote about this once on my now-departed other blog — there are a surprising number of BBs songs with references to hair. I may dig out that one and repost it here. Since “Almost Summer” was co-written by Love, Brian Wilson and Al Jardine, I say it belongs in the same discussion.)
I don't believe that content mills are the only way to get started--just that they're one way. You have to choose the path that's right for you. And, if you've got the time, inclination and determination to start with content mills, it just might work for you too.
Funding Social Welfare Schemes In Breach Of EPF Act 1991 – Tony Pua – Saturday, 04 February 2012 07:57
Like wire-woven angels, hung in suspended evening
If both eyes need vision correction, children are given prescription glasses for better focus and to prevent misalignment of the eyes.
"I couldn't stand it if they took it out on you," he tells Bianca, "and eventually they would."
Ephesians 5: 25 Husbands, love your wives, just as Christ loved the church and gave himself up for her 28 In this same way, husbands ought to love their wives as their own bodies. He who loves his wife loves himself. 33 However, each one of you also must love his wife as he loves himself, and the wife must respect her husband.
*Explain what happens on the other side, based on clairvoyant observations
I was feeling I could touch the sky,now my ego has shrank.
Also if you would like to participate in making your home a haven I've put the schedule below. Each week we tackle one specific task.
2) I will love and appreciate myself just the way I am. No need to change me.
Pour a little sauce in the bottom of the baking dish.
<U+2665> ice cream
8. Aham Brahmasmi, Ayam Atma Brahma, all these beautiful exhortations are not manmade. Man may participate into that existing value and be honored with that.
Yep, we love this time of year :-)
I’ll never get it all done before I go in hospital tomorrow. Why do us women nest like this? I’m the same at Christmas, before I go on holiday, if I go on a writing course, and now before I go in for my surgery.
Do they hear their father sigh?
TGWD - Then we get into the pages after those where he's planning the evil baby shower...
And, in wildly optimistic theory, if I keep your attention long enough, and get the word to enough people with as good taste as you, (that’s a lovely blouse you’re wearing, by the way), and learn how online advertising works, (for that matter, how on earth does ordinary advertising work? Did I ever buy Holsten beer, or travel with Thomas Cook, or invest with Investec due to their sponsorship of my beloved Tottenham Hotspur Football Club? Well, actually, I did end up investing with Investec recently, but that was pure coincidence…), then at some point in the future maybe I can get paid for sitting around and reading, and writing about what I have sat around and read, and that would be about the most ideal outcome for any fantasy job I could imagine.
d100 Event
Unite the Union Gibraltar Branch has declared 28 April 2012 a Day of Action to Defend health and safety. Unite the Union Gibraltar since 2008 have held Workers Memorial Day events and have finally influenced the Gibraltar Government to recognise Workers Memorial Day.
He was a man other men feared. And while I never spent a great deal of time with him as child the time I did spend was either in t he field hunting, on the lake fishing, or in some smoke-filled dimly lit room watching him play poker and drink Canadian Whiskey.
“Sugar and spice and all things nice, that’s what little girls are made of.
Most often, food freedom looks like my kids eating lots of different things, some of which would be considered healthy, and some not.
I better get my boy into some boxing classes.
I finally got round to making another dress! Mainly because I am running a little dress workshop at the week-end for some of my #Pinaddicts team and I wasn't sure I could remember how to do it! The fabric was very kindly donated by Allyson
Mr Costello’s bitterness towards “Howard and all his former colleagues” previously was known only over lunch tables at Melbourne restaurants and exclusive clubs.
During a round of Truth or Dare, Abby Miller confesses her crush on Jake Chilson. The only people who know her secret are her friends at the sleepover - and whoever sent her a text message in the middle of the night warning her to stay away from Jake...or else! But Abby isn't going to stay away from Jake, especially not after he asks her to the school dance. As the night of the dance comes closer, some very creepy things start happening to Abby. Someone definitely wants to keep her away from Jake. Is it a jealous classmate or, as Abby begins to suspect, could it be a ghost?
- Raspberry Truffle
Customer reviews & ratings of Elinchrom EL 10291.1 Ranger Quadra Kit with 1 Ranger Quadra Power Pack, 2 Batteries, 2 “A” Heads, 2 Reflectors, 1 Skyport Transmitter, Hard Shell Case, Cables and Charger are available on the merchant’s site, check it by visit the link below.
Taking a cue or two from the Angelcorpse playbook of pure blasting insanity, Averse Sefira dick around very little and shred balls alot, only relenting for the odd ambient interlude (these interludes are most often composed by guest musician The Lady of the Evening Faces, whose atonal, synth-and-keyboard-less drone pieces invoke Penderecki and Pärt--leading to some of the band's most memorable moments). The vortex of utter annihilation known as Homecoming's March was Sefira's first full-length effort, although the band has released a couple excellent albums in the last 5 or 6 years as well (see: 2005's Tetragrammatical Astygmata and 2008's Advent Parallax). These Bros are obviously tuned into some dark, creepy, spacey shit, and deserve your attention immediately.
or create a project based on what makes you flourish as a person.
Meo SA, Al-Khlaiwi T. Health hazards of welding fumes. Saudi Med J 2003; 24: 1176-1182.
When I think about how the next couple of week's worth of outfit photos will most likely be the last of winter, I sort of can't believe it. When we moved to Pittsburgh, we had no idea what to expect in terms of winter weather. I know this year was far milder than most (according to my coworkers), but compared to even the mildest New England winter, this has been a cake walk. I know part of it has to do with being back in an office: I can trudge in in the morning wearing my sensible Sorel's, and change into not-so-sensible footwear at my desk. But then we had days like this too, where the winter sun shone a little warmer, and there were glimpses of spring beneath it all.
And today, down the hallway-- holding on to the wall.
The album title I Robot was inspiration behind me naming the iMac, the iPod, and iPhone for Apple.
If you live in Missouri, Illinois, Indiana, Ohio, Kentucky, and possibly Tennessee in a few hours… be aware of these storms…
I am such a Gemini! *sigh*
Jana here - I LOVE the ocean and all things associated with the ocean. I have always lived within a few miles of an ocean or sea. I am not sure I could ever live away from one. My youngest daughter and I carry our love of the sea around with us in the form of a turtle shaped birth mark. Mine is on my leg and hers is on her arm. I made a little piece of art for her bedroom to celebrate our common bond.
13th of December 2011
There were a thousand stories in the naked city. Hers was just one.
It's not fair to JT that he's away from his daughters and it's not fair to the girls that they can't see Daddy - but we've agreed that we'll do this long distance thing for a year until JT can establish himself at his new job. I left my home, Hawaii six years ago and it totally broke my heart. Then I moved back to the island with JT, Ju Ju and Soapy four years ago and I thought we'd never move again. But we had to move again this time to NJ... Ever since then, I feel like I'm not the same person anymore. Something inside me shifted and I've put a huge guard and try not think too much about Hawaii.
The play’s not dead: I’ll finish yet
I’ve begun to get the idea that a big part of the trouble I have in life is that I have little idea of how to surrender. This is evidenced by the amount of time I seem to spend suffering from boredom and running from silence and solitude. Life has become very much reduced to function for me lately. I’ve shifted more towards “doing” than “being.” It feel okay and I’m functioning at a decent level, but I wonder that I haven’t run out of steam or dropped the ball entirely. How long can I keep running? It feels like forever.
The last couple of weeks at the shop have been manic, and I mean MANIC! I suppose when you sell four times as much beer in a week as you normally do that's to be expected though. That's my excuse for the lack of posts out of the way, but while I've had time away from the writing, it's still been very fun to read about what others have been getting up to during the holiday period. It was also very nice to see all the local Bloggers and beer lovers in the shop over the past couple of weeks, it made me feel a little inadequate when I saw shopping baskets full to the brim of glorious beer. I clearly didn't drink enough this Christmas. I even spied Tandleman at one point paroosing our specialist beers and we had a decent chat. (He even nearly went away with a Brewdog Badge!)
"Love never fails. But where there are prophecies, they will cease; where there are tongues, they will be stilled; where there is knowledge, it will pass away. For we know in part and we prophesy in part, but when completeness comes, what is in part disappears. When I was a child, I talked like a child, I thought like a child, I reasoned like a child. When I became a man, I put the ways of childhood behind me. For now we see only a reflection as in a mirror; then we shall see face to face. Now I know in part; then I shall know fully, even as I am fully known. And now these three remain: faith, hope and love. But the greatest of these is love."
Washington Capitals @ Boston Bruins, 2 pm NBC/Series Tied 2-2
I don’t know if there’s any poison left in me. I don’t know if there is any way for me to find out, but maybe this will help me draw out any remainders.
OP raises to $653.77 and goes all-in!
Freehand some color blocks using colors to match your particular season or subject. Make some blocks tall and some wide. You don't have to put as many blocks as I did if you want to make it even simpler or if you are doing this activity with a young child.
“There are times in a person’s life when, even in the midst of them, you know you’ll never be the same. Moments that forever serve as journey posts…..I saw God. The God who can’t sit still when the storm is too strong. The God who lets me get frightened enough to need Him and then comes close enough for me to see Him. The God who uses my storms as His path to come to me.”
- Find temporary storage space for the BAPMAF archives so that at some point in the future these can become available again to myself and the general public.
Unfortunatly I have chosen to step down from my Design Team Position from The Craft Garden from this month but i'd like to thank Kerry who has been absolutly wonderful and wish all the team the very best i've loved being on the team!
All our ills of flesh and soul.
Black Tea: 99 <U+FF70>C (210 <U+FF70>F), 2–3 minutes, 2-3 infusions
to breathe
"Um, yeah just to inform you. Your judgment has been put under review by the FCAA (Film Critics Association of America). Please submit form 437b along with two essays on (1) the state of American cinema post 1977 and (2) the future of movie making. The board will be in contact with you to schedule a formal hearing after an oversight comittee has had an opportunity to review your submission."
Result: 74
Partially the problem with the kebabs was that since I only had those two stupid skewers, I tried to pack on a lot of beef onto them. They were a little beef heavy. I ended up making burgers with the leftover beef anyway, so I should have just stuck to putting just a small amount on the skewers like I knew I should have. If you can’t find Aleppo pepper, you can substitute with other ground red peppers. A 3:1 paprika to cayenne ratio would be good, as would mixing in some ground ancho peppers, or other red chili peppers. Just don’t go crazy with the cayenne or you might die. When grating the onion for this beef, be smart and choose to use your handy food processor with grating attachment. I grated my onion by hand because my food processor was dirty and I was too lazy to wash it. So, when the first wave of blinding onion fumes hit my eyes, I proceeded to grate the rest of the onion with my eyes closed. Smart. I only nearly lost my finger tips like 6 times. No biggie.
is another man's treasure! Or should I say a woman's treasure?
Support acts: Toby Coleman, Shayne Hunter
1. Better utlization of public funds?
Hi! Happy Monday to you!!! Sandra here to share my final projects as a designer for Creative Charms :o(. This has been a blast and a great experience for me. Special thanks goes out to Midori, our dynamite Creative Charms Design Team Coordinator for all of the help and encouragement. Everyone that I have worked with on the Creative Charms design team has been fantastic and are wonderfully talented ladies. Thanks to all of you and to all of you followers for your kind words and support! As for the Creative Charms product - I have loved everything that I have had the opportunity to work with and I know that I will continue to purchase Creative Charms products for my projects!
When I was back in my home state Arizona visiting last week, I took a little trip to see the latest in vintage stores, since I have been gone for 7 or 8 years now. I picked up a flyer for one of the local swing dancing groups and saw a tiny little ad on the back that caught my interest. The little 1" x 1" advert read, "One of kind inspiration pieces from vintage jewels that began life as brooches, bracelets and other adornments."
From a man's point of view, or should I say my point of view, boring routine, same thing everyday could be the reason. You get up, you go to work, you come home, you eat, you sleep, you get up, you go to work...blah blah, blah fish paste. You basically live right past each other.
Clearly, the turtle was confused, and needed help. So I pulled over, picked up the turtle, and took it to the lake side of the road.
In another epitome in my dreams
Sift flour into a large bowl and add the coconut, lemon rind, sugar, butter, eggs and milk. Mix well with a wooden spoon until smooth. Pour into the cake pan and smooth the surface. Bake for 40 minutes, or until a skewer comes out clean when inserted in the center of the cake.
Starts another round
Heaven knows, it’s now or never, heaven knows
The greatest genius of the Buffy RPG was taking something gamers always do – in that case, make pop culture references and undercut dramatic moments – and make them both in-setting appropriate and wired into the system.
Spirit Media Network is the online positive media network designed to provide you with the best in positive internet radio, spiritual internet tv and inspirational music. Our inspirational podcasts and vodcasts are designed to meet and exceed your desire for positive media that truly makes a difference worldwide.
She makes it look totally modern.
The plan is to construct the new library in the immediate vicinity of several upper-division schools, including the CSI Burley campus. The students from the adjacent Cassia H.S. are excited to think that they will have a real library to access. They put a high value on such a privilege.
25 And there was a great famine in Samaria: and, behold, they besieged it, until an ass’s head was sold for fourscore pieces of silver, and the fourth part of a cab of dove’s dung for five pieces of silver.
You know what is missing from my CD case though? No, “quality music” and “sense of style” are not the answers that I am looking for… What is missing from my CD case that is not missing from any child’s ipod these days is the F-bomb. And songs about taking shots. And songs about doing the hanky-panky with strangers. Seriously.
Beauty lab also sell a tinted formula so if you are new to tanning this might be a bit of a better choice for you.
This book should be read to every little girl on Earth. As much as I love Belle and Esmeralda, FUCK Disney!
reading poems about his childhood—
I broke up with him many times but always took him back. I saved for a SUV that he wanted, I didn't have my driver's liscence yet..... too scared of traffic.
I, Robot, et al. – Asimov
On the other hand, some women aren't mothers because they weren't able to have kids or their spouses didn't want to have kids.Or they stayed single and didn't want to be a single mother. My sister knows a woman who married a guy who told her up front he wasn't going to have kids. She married him anyway but told him contraception would be his responsibility. And maybe she thought he might change his mind. But every single time without fail, he used a condom and that never failed.
My love of supple coeds and astute blood-shedding is repeatedly put to test in Pieces, as both come in close contact with one another with an uncomfortable regularity. The fact that the majority of the victims all had it going on in terms of being attractive didn't help matters. As wonderfully shameless as it is, this heady mix of alluring and bloodcurdling had me questioning my loyalties at every turn. Take, for example, the aerobics sequence. A scene like this is my reason for living (I was like a malnourished kid in a leotard store). The synthesizer music (with vocoder-enhanced vocals), the kicking in unison, the super tight exercise clothes, and the overall chromatic splendour of it all was a thing of perverted beauty. Only problem is, one of them has to be murdered to move the plot forward. It's quite the dilemma, and it's not the only time it happens. Every coed who comes face-to-face with the killer's chainsaw is just so darn cute and sexy, that it's a shame they all have to be violated in such a grotesque, yet highly creative manner. Just for the record, the waterbed stabbing and toilet evisceration were my favourite death sequences.
building, ultimately reducing it to rubble (and annihilating
Minnesota alone is full of scads of very good men doing very good things, trying to make their way in life, serving their families, laying down their lives every day for people. True heroes. They aren’t perfect and that’s good news! Cuz, I’m not either. I burn food and eat too much of it and get obsessive and sometimes I’m downright chatty. But I am responsible for my own feelings and I don’t expect someone else to make me happy. And I’m not foolish about my weak parts. I know they make me human, and unique, and sometimes very vulnerable and therefore loveable.
The Hunt County Sheriff’s Department, the Texas Rangers, the Bureau of Indians Affairs and other agencies are investigating the deaths.
To yourself
Have a fabulous evening, folks! You have been warned. Doom doom doom….
10. Feelin' Stronger Everyday 8:37
Up 3rd access and down 1st Saddle. Ran the 14min to Chat and then wallowed my way to the summit, breaking fresh trail all the way from the base of the 2nd Flatiron to upper Greenman. Slalomed/fell/ran my way down the mountain in 19:45 before also running the 12min back home on the streets. Shin felt really good.
She and Rosso had been fruiting around because they are bored and pent up and it's cold and they feel good.
And I promise you, your sacrifice won’t be in vain
so it will take half the time
Buy
I've found some literature that states that the body uses nutrients, water, and calories in the creation of breastmilk FIRST, before filling the body's other metabolic needs. It's not like I'm not eating anything. I am simply listening to my body's hunger cues, and satisfying them with (mostly) healthy options. People have been breastfeeding successfully for thousands of years without the aid of a calorie counter. Sometimes I think we just make things too complicated for ourselves these days.
Throughout the night, the boys continued to terrorize Casey. They took turns back and forth all night long raping, sodomizing and harassing her. They were abusing her senses in every possible way. Jesse reached into his pocket and pulled out yet another pill “You’re going to kill her Jesse!” Billy screamed “I don’t want to go to prison for the rest of my life just for a piece of ass.” Jesse looked down at the pill and thought about what Billy said. He then put the drugs back into his pocket. Casey had lost count as to how many times she had been raped. It continued for hours and they all raped her repeatedly. She was so out of it, at times she thought it all was just a bad dream, but it was a very real nightmare.
So do I take it the next step and contact the paper.....I don't know - I don't want to do this either but if it means it would result in what I am after then do I do it??
God bless the master of this house
Overall I really loved Queens Day and wish we had something similar – the Jubilee is not going to be remotely the same! How could you not love just wondering around a city where everyone is happy, there is such a great atmosphere and there is music to listen to while you chill with those around you. I can hardly think of anything better. Well maybe if there was a bonfire..
We went to the Jacquemart-Andre museum in the 8th arrondissement for the Caillebotte brothers exhibit. I don't know if I spelled that museum name correctly, and quite frankly it's too hot to look things up, so it's going to stay that way.
I get home and they tell us that they can't fix the garage until WED??? I'll be on a plane to CT on Wed. !! They were supposed to at least come and help us get our car out Monday. Hah. that didn't happen. So today I get a ride because my little legs are not up for a 12 mile round-trip stress again. Oh look, it's raining. Even better...
Outsiders can become insiders. All you need to do is spend the time to understand the lingo and processes.
Birthday Blessings because I collect teacups and LOVE this image, as well as the size of the Happy Birthday font.... it's so easy to tuck in anywhere on your layout!
Know that our Lord is the Spouse of your soul. If everything is done for Him, and you are in love with Him, every relationship you have in life, will be born in humility and love for Him. If the union of two, is not tied to the Third (God) and the Third placed above the two, the union becomes tiresome. The union of the two becomes easily led astray. Nit picking about everything become yelling and screaming with that comes deaf ears and selfishness. Followed by divorce of self from the relationship.
Forces running on the top of a pyramidal cone
Spiritually-oriented people are experiencing very similar things in their lives lately. This Lightworker article is written for those of you who may not yet know WHY your life is transforming right now and why things appear to be so difficult. Many spiritual people are “Lightworkers.” Whether you are familiar with this term or not, if you find yourself fitting the lightworker description below, you are without a doubt a Lightworker!
…to be continued.
Miss Universe third runner-up Shamcey Supsup met with President Aquino Sunday night at the Ninoy Aquino International Airport’s VIP lounge before he left for the United States. The beauty queen’s courtesy call on the President took place at the NAIA because of his very tight schedule. The only person with a tighter sked is Shamcey.
I figured something must be up in Vancouver when I saw all the hits to old posts I’ve written about Tamils arriving by ship in Canada, so I checked and sure enough, here we go again.
It always leads me here
And here’s one more cool secret about Polaris. It has a companion that just happens to be quite dim – magnitude 9. It’s fun to see the two of them if you have a small telescope, though it’s not all that easy because Polaris is so much brighter than its companion. But if you get a chance to see Polaris and its companion in a telescope, remind yourself that the very faint companion is still a bit brighter than our Sun would look at this distance. This companion, known as Polaris B, was discovered in 1780 by William Herschel, and for many years Polaris was thought to be a binary star – that is, a system of two stars orbiting about a common center of gravity. But Polaris was holding one more surprise – it’s really a triple star.
But I digress. My point, I suppose, is that, pace Clare Coffey (and thanks for the shout-out, Clare; it's a nice difference from the haters of yore), I'm hardly a paragon of, well, anything. But nonetheless (and this is probably what riled up said haters), I firmly believe that if you give up your whole prior life when you have children -- if, that is, your whole prior life contained anything that you found beautiful, nurturing, or salutary for your soul -- it's going to come back and bite you in the ass. I don't believe in what you might call "professional" motherhood, unless that's a life you've been trained for and have always wanted, which is undoubtedly the case for many mothers. And on a related note, I'm convinced, whatever lurking trolls and former friends might think, that the only way to maintain some sort of culturally-defined "success" -- the flip side, that is, of my troll-former-friend's concept of "unsuccess," the kind of "success" that the other arts-critic commenter seems to have imagined is the natural outcome of being a talented person in the arts -- is to have access to some kind of reliable child care, in which someone other than you, the artist-mother, cares for your children for certain periods of time during which you practice your art. And the cultural imagination notwithstanding (I have it from someone who knows that Angelina Jolie has six nannies, one for each child!), not a lot of artist-mothers have this access, so a lot of artist-mothers stop practicing their art. If you, dear reader, have any thoughts that suggest otherwise -- and generally the thoughts I give credence to are those that can be backed up, if not by quantifiable evidence, then by anecdotal experience; they are generally not, that is to say, wild guesses about what motherhood must be like, made by non-mothers -- then kindly let me know, in an un-troll-like fashion if you can manage it.
A lady of virtues and vices, a kiss of death, sepulchre of a mirage ;
Mouth feel: There is a very full, creamy feel to this brew.
The WIP will now begin with some kind of tarot thing in the background.
1. In a pressure cooker, take the toor dal, tomato, green chillies, Asafoetida and turmeric powder. To this, add 2 cups of water and Pressure cook till 4 whistles.
05. Old Time rock and Roll
Beautiful young people are accidents of nature,
So how should Christians think about judging? First, we must ask what one means by “judge.” The dictionary distinguishes several definitions. To judge can mean to pass legal judgment, like a judge sentencing a criminal at the conclusion of a courtroom trial. Nothing wrong with this kind of judging.
So click away on those links to learn more about my Korean adventure!
It's been sneaking into Miss N's wardrobe, so why not her room?
Home inspection is generally about the overall checkup of the house by a certified home inspector. An assessment of the overall structure of a property is conducted. The major systems
Benicio Del Toro, Che
"If war is to have any meaning at all, its purpose must be to establish control over peoples and territories, and ultimately, this can be done only as Alexander the Great did it, on the ground. But because after the Civil War America's Allies again and again took the terrible losses required to bleed the enemy, Americans gradually developed a belief in cheap victory."
The appeal came in a message sent by Dr. Mervat al-Talawi, head of the NCW, to the Egyptian People’s Assembly Speaker, Dr. Saad al-Katatni, addressing the woes of Egyptian women, especially after the popular uprising that toppled president Hosni Mubarak in February 2011.
*smile*
I'm addicted to Kim Klassen's textures, love
Here I sit, and sit I now indoors but with all windows open. The heaviest storm I’ve seen in a few years is just rolling over the horizon. All the insects have found a dry place to wait out the weather.
If you actually believe all of this, you might wish to re-read the accusations above and ask yourself if there is any realistic shred or historical precedent that would suggest that this has any inkling of occurring. The answer is emphatically no. So if that’s not going to happen one has to ask what’s really going on here?
Hang on, hang on. Quit your outraged rabble-rabble and hear me out. Please. By throwing out an author’s business card, I’m not throwing them out. I just can’t remember who they are by that business card. It’s a generic-looking piece of cardstock with butterflies on it. Even though the author claims to write women’s fiction in which no butterflies are featured. I’m not calling that author’s cell. I’m not emailing her to see what’s up. And here’s the last nail in the business card’s coffin: there is only one reason I would need to be in contact with the author, and that is if I requested material. And if I requested material, I’d have the author’s email address when the proposal or manuscript was delivered to my trusty inbox.
we had already planned on going out to my parents that day anyway, so we left for their house after the vet. on the way out, my mom calls me and said she had called friends or ours wanted to bless us with a new puppy.
Quick profit!
Institution
I've gone for the old cop out of bands doing whole albums... Again, this list could be endless so I've not included bands who I've seen since they reformed but missed when they were originally together, such as The Sex Pistols and The Velvet Underground... And obviously the reformed Pixies are keeping their flame alive with plenty of live work... Morrissey almost fills the gap left by The Smiths... so this list is made up of sets you're not likely to see anytime soon... in no particular line-up order as that would be an impossible task...
Kennington Parish Council chairman Peter Biggs said: “It was a tip before and it is good use of the land to put homes on it.
If the sixties was a naive and charming flower child, then the seventies was her big, bad older brother; darker, more worldly, less giving … and the eighties was his garishly-painted and promiscuous girlfriend. It’s no wonder against such a backdrop that things could become confused — and that dreams could turn to heartbreak.
YES a man typically does the pursuing and most women are very fond of this masculine trait. But a man has to know and be creative about what things he will do to show her his interest and to try to get her that will not put him in an awkward or negative light and will not make her feel awkward or uncomfortable.
(Squinting)
This is mostly a post for Gregory, who isn't watching Fringe yet.
-You have never had a 'wet only' diaper.... there is ALWAYS more then just a little pee pee
Anne Hathaway changed dresses again. This is a red dress and I like it. Her hair is again, fabulous.
For a simple ending for today's post... Do not get in front of a pepper ball.
Becky’s dedication and passion hasn’t gone unnoticed by the Foundation supporters either. At last year’s Saving Grace Gala, Becky was named Volunteer of the Year for her dedication to our mission. Although honored to be recognized by the Foundation, Becky’s hope for this year’s walk and the coming years is for more local recognition and participation by the medical community.
The six protagonists of Resident Evil 6 will confront the all-new C-virus, which spawns zombies, the previously revealed J’avo monsters, and the all-new Chrysalide, which metamorphose into a new threat.
Merpel wonders if Jordan will be able to achieve his desired slam dunk in this case. She notes that Yao Ming and Yi Jianlian were both Chinese, which may have influenced the court's decision. Indeed, she recalls, foreign companies have, for whatever reason, had difficulty in enforcing intellectual property rights in China. See KatPosts on Apple and IKEA: here, here, here and here.
But the 2 1/2-page Ethics Committee report doesn't focus on Green's "personal" privacy, dealing instead with his official actions - legal and illegal - in office, those who read the report say.
If you look closely, you can see a date stamp on the underside of the cap. Both of my cameras have one, and they are different enough that I can't decipher them for sure. I think this one was made in 1961. There is another stamp on the bottom of the camera under the plastic.
Adding / subtracting vectors is pretty obvious. If multiplying vectors meant:
We'll begin our project by having students generate their own questions to research on our topic. I created this Animoto video to introduce the concept of thick versus thin questions.
Starting with the basilica, we spent the afternoon following the tourist office’s walking tour and then exploring on our own, returning to our breakfast cafe for a coffee later in the afternoon.
Sunday afternoon, my hubby helped me finish things up.
Amongst His earliest commands to Adam and Eve, the Lord said: “Multiply and replenish the earth.” He has repeated that commandment in our day. He has again revealed in this, the last dispensation, the principle of the eternity of the marriage covenant. He has restored to the earth the authority for entering into that covenant, and has declared that it is the only due and proper way of joining husband and wife, and the only means by which the sacred family relationship may be carried beyond the grave and through eternity. He has declared that this eternal relationship may be created only by the ordinances which are administered in the holy temples of the Lord, and therefore that his people should marry only in His temple in accordance with such ordinances.
Upon my suggestion, BG got a condom, lube, and toys, and I prepared SwingBot’s ass for a good fuck. I used the toys to open his anus and then BG fucked him. As BG fucked his ass, I sucked SwingBot’s cock. With a little regret, I had to withdraw my body from the great oral SwingBot was giving me to get a better position for my head between his torso and BG’s. I heard BG nearing orgasm at least once, though he held off. SwingBot soon climaxed in my mouth.
In four years time I will be half a century old. This just isn't fair, I feel about twenty. All the cardio, weights, boot camps, hiking and running I do can't stop my body wearing out and the fact that my eye lenses are no longer as flexible as they were is the first indication of my inevitable decline.
Jo Yoonseok may be the most interesting man in Korean indie scene. Not only is he a gifted singer/songwriter, he has a doctorate in chemistry. Although Lucid Fall’s style may be a little too calm for TV, Jo’s former band Misoni (<U+BBF8><U+C120><U+C774>) had plenty of interesting and dynamic numbers. It will also be an interesting test for the show itself: can the audience tolerate a string of very calm and sensitive songs?
BUY IT:
My love to everyone. I'm thinking should I post a photo of my nipple? Probably not. I'd have to make put that disclaimer on my blog, and that's just way too much work right now.
Here are some pictures of your first Valentine’s day (and the day before because your outfit was SO CUTE). I actually remembered to put your holiday bib on ON the day of the holiday this time. I totally goofed for Thanksgiving and Christmas (ooops). You’re getting so big and we’re falling more and more in love with you every day. We love you, buggy. Thanks for being such a great kid.
"Me ma mo Akye ooh" Nana said,
Not long ago I was driving home late from work and found myself passing by numerous bushes of varying shades and hue. Realizing that I simply couldn’t stop in someone’s yard and pick these, I enjoyed them from a distance—and yet I longed for that lilac-y smell. That’s about the time I noticed a few wild bushes growing next to the freeway—two or three of differing types. I pulled my car off to the side of the road and picked a couple of the clumps.
The low net winning team and teams who fundraise $10,000 or more from each of the 30 events will move on to a final two-day Grand Finale extravaganza at Caesar’s Palace in Las Vegas in late October. The Els Gallery Club is being introduced this year for individuals who wish to participate in the Golf Challenge without playing golf in a Super Regional event. These individuals can compete in teams of one or two to raise funds and awareness for Els for Autism and earn a chance to come to Las Vegas and participate in the Finale.
This morning, as on most Saturdays, I took to a well worn 3 kilometre track to the beach for my morning run. My plan was better to get it over and done with before the morning heat really set in. At least I could then feel that I was starting to get on track in preparing for the challenge of the half marathon in Melbourne in October. Our son (who is a runner) and his fiancee (who is a triathlete) are to do the whole marathon. For me, I quite like the idea of a challenge and half the distance would certainly be enough!
Jacob and Sarah couldn't wait for Adam's race to be done and their's to begin. Thankfully there were some activities to do and some friends to chat with while we waited and before they knew it, it was their turn. They were so giddy at the starting line!! Sarah kept saying she was going to run like the wind! And you know what? She wasn't kidding!
ERASMIA: Armed attack sees farmer hit with bricks and a pipe.
They might have an offer on their house and I am saying prayers for them because I know this past year has been hard. The reality is hitting home and I realize they will be moving away. I count my blessings to have met her and know they will always be a part of our lives. I think I will write a personal reference letter for her to give to any of her new neighbors in case any of them are fast blinkers.
3 action
Dies: Marianne Design pine branch
Martins mother filed for trademarks on the "I am Trayvon" slogan.
The hardest part it not being able to browse the library. As soon as we walk in, I'm allowed a very limited amount of time to find something for myself. Five minutes tops. My kids make these faces the whole time as I look around for something interesting to read that say 'I'm so over this'. And on top of that, my youngest usually cries and whines until I take them all to the kids section. So yeah, library time is hard for a book lover with kids. Then I discovered something, online book reservations. This happened only recently (like a month ago) and I have no idea why I'm so late to the party. I can get onto my libraries website, browse various titles, and hold what I want. It's so easy. Instead of having to plan out every minute browsing, I can just go in and pick up what I want when it's available without all the hassle. And I can take my kids straight to their area and spend time with them there without feeling frustrated because I don't get time to pick out some titles for myself.
I am in Love...oh yes I am...and I want the Whole World to Know his name
With the phone number lost, we knew we’d be facing the consequences we had sought to avoid. Family, doctors, employers, insurance agents and many others would need a new phone number from us. There seemed no point in maintaining a committed relationship with an unrepentant Comcast.
I am so excited for this weeks challenge! The ladies did an amazing job with their projects... you're going to be blown away! Please be sure to visit their websites too, you don't want to miss out on the additional photos... :)
And, she drove me to dance lessons, piano lessons, theatre rehearsals, 4-H meetings
It would put them to the test if the farmer took a rest
Hello, Monday! I moved my wardrobe column over here on Monday from Wednesday as I wanted to start an interior design topic related column on Wednesdays. I like Mondays, but I know that Monday is not always a welcomed day of a week, so I thought that fashion might give a good kick-start of a new week.
The well-organised black gang – made up of Mozambicans, South Africans and Somalians – hold scores of people hostage for ransom, many farmers along the long border are being attacked, two Pakistani men were shot execution style by the gang recently, a woman's head was nearly severed from her body and a Mozambican woman managed to tell of her ordeal to a South African taxi-driver after she escaped with her boy-friend: she was gang-raped for more than 10 hours by the gang.
I make the low fat version and it tastes awesome. You don't feel as guilty eating a ton of it either. Plus the turkey pepperoni is less greasy than regular pepperoni and is better for your dip.
4. Add eggs one at a time and continue to beat until blended.
There's really no excuse to be late in drawing the winner for February's apron, although a bout with bronchitis would have to be mine, I can't let another day go by...Time Flies!
Rock Salt
The novel takes place in 1987 in New York City - mostly in Harlem - and is told from the viewpoint of Clareece "Precious" Jones, who is 16. We find out very soon into the novel that she is obese, illiterate (she's in middle school still) and pregnant with her second child (the product of her rape at the hands of her father - her first, also the product of rape at the hands of the same man, was born when Precious was 12 and has down syndrome). Precious lives with her mother, who supports Precious with food stamps and welfare. Precious' first child lives with her grandmother. As the novel opens, Precious is sitting in math class and is called to the guidance counselor's office because they have learned that she is pregnant. The school has opted to send her to an alternative school, which infuriates Precious. However, the pre-GED class taught by Ms. Blue Rain and featuring other girls from troubled backgrounds has a tremendous impact on Precious and leads to her confidence growing.
Plot
Who can resist belting out “Go West!”? The Pet Shop Boys are pure, undiluted joy that has been digitised and pushed through your ears. I don’t care what people think of me any longer. I’m coming out of the closet. It feels liberating to say this out loud.
Fitted in 7 half leather bound double sided book-form cases, approximately 313 intaglios. Height of each volume 9 7/8 inches (25 cm), width 6 1/4 inches (15.9 cm).
READ!!!
The best advice I can give you is to check at your local shop first. They won't be able to order a Petei canvas for you, but if they have some in stock, you may get lucky. Anyone who can travel should also check each local needlework shop they visit, just in case. Hopefully online shops will continue to highlight any Petei canvases they have so that folks can pick up the few they wanted.
In addition to this fabulous prize, I am offering up THREE PS stamp sets of the winner's choice.
about 300g of dried rice sticks (see picture above), in Chinese they are called <U+767D><U+7CBF><U+5E72> ‘bai guo gan'
Potassim 294.2 mg
Place the mat on piece of coordinating felt and cut around it.
I am currently on what I expect to be a final edit, fixing only minor details, after which it will go through one more read-through each from my editor and myself.
Make no bones about it. This is all out class warfare and we the people are under attack. We cannot let these crooks think tyranny is business as usual. Let’s take the fight to the enemy!
"See ya!" she retorts . . it's like a looping tape from Stepford Wives.
Secondly, today of all days, when our thoughts turn to where we are going as a country and as a people, it is right that we should think of him, because he was the creator of what – after his death – became our national anthem, an anthem that is intriguing because it is so ambiguous – not only with regard to who exactly is being addressed, but also because it must be the only anthem in the world to end not on a shadaj but on a madhyam – not on certainty and finality but on ambiguity and continuity. Of course the national anthem is only the first of five stanzas of a song. But still, this ambiguity and continuity seem to reflect, at least to me, some aspects of the openness and open-mindedness of the poet himself – who was writing at a time when many people’s views were becoming closed and rigid.
* 1 chopped onion
Here’s hoping in 2012, you find your dream, and spend the rest of your life giving it all the love you can give.
scene: the corner of michigan avenue and pearson st.
Kathryn Rose (Lab) 1507
18. He won ‘Singing Jjang of 10th SM Teen Best Contest’
Tonight is Week 3 of Season 12's Dancing With the Stars, and it promises to be an interesting one at that. The theme for tonight is called “Story Night”, and as a result, the couples get to choose what dance they’re doing. Here are their dances:
My own twitter traffic during the election lost a bit of spontaneity. Things I wanted to say about the election would have been unwise to say. I started making ‘Non Election News’ Tweets such as “I extracted 2 pints of worm wee from my wormery this morning. Useful as a liquid fertiliser. Back out on the stomp!” I was definitely ‘extracting the urine’ with that tweet! Another tweet was “my sweetcorn, leek and tomato seedlings are coming through. Rain makes canvassing tough but the patch gets watered!” Now I know twitter is supposed to express your trivial musings in less than 140 characters but didn’t I realise there was an election on?! I certainly did but even saying where I’d canvassed and what response I’d received could be giving information to an opponent who didn’t have my best interests at heart in the slightest. I thought the best thing I could do was let them know how my allotment was progressing!
So, basically I was taken in by what the entire, and it seems like I’m not exaggerating, entire Internet had thought. I didn’t question why Shepard bled where Anderson was shot, I didn’t question how Anderson even made it to the Conduit, much less made it to control centre afterwards before Shepard, I didn’t question why they were somehow all able to breath when the Citadel opened it’s arms to allow the Crucible to dock, I didn’t question why the intelligence that was controlling the reapers was shaped like the small child that Shepard saw die on Earth at the start of the game, I even forgot my initial reaction to the child and how Anderson was never there to see the child at the start of the game, which was ‘clearly this boy is a figment of Shepard’s imagination (a quote from me).’ I also didn’t question the intelligence’s assertions that synthetic life will alway kill its creators — Quarians-Geth, end of story — I also thought it entirely reasonable that there are only three choices: controlling the reapers; synthesis and destruction of the reapers, and sadly I actually thought AFTER he talked about it that synthesis is the best option, despite having to sacrifice yourself. He talked me into it! Not only was it a plot point, the game actually talked me into it…I believed what I was doing was right.
We believe. You belong here.
1 _a
Delight our ears this week!
‘‘(i) a cybersecurity purpose; or
The petting corral has goats now. It had deer before; I wonder why they switched it to goats. Goats aren't as exciting as deer, although the deer just laid there like lumps and the goats are more lively. But, every petting zoo has goats. They are fun, just aren't impressive.
Once you practice these techniques and get the hang of them, you'll be able to hit the trails feeling comfortable on your mountain bike. Even though it may take some getting used to, it'll become second nature before you know it.
Here are the details for the BOGO Sale...
It's interesting to read her profile, and know how she arrived blogging.
On the other hand, the alfar had no interest in joining with the newly reunited crew, feeling those in positions of power were far too warlike and aggressive compared to the peaceful vanir (with whom they continued some relations). They removed themselves farther north into the mountains, and endeavored to have as little contact with the immigrants as possible.
Here are the final, very simple cards. Look at how the green, while strange on the bear by itself, now pulls the bear into the paper nicely.
Although the day started frosty, this had disappeared by the time we set out, and we hadn’t imagined it would be so muddy. We had a pleasant enough walk but it was cut short by our inappropriate clothing for the conditions. We will return and this time reach our destination-the long barrow!
Sally-Ann...xx
The story about a tiny frog who won the race…. Life’s lesson
Best News & Current Affairs: Winner – LSTV (The Essential)/ Highly Commended – Trent TV (Trent TV News)
Please join me in meditation.
Another great and mushy day.
Share your smile with someone today. You never know…someone could really use it!
“For the things that we run because of all sorts of safety reasons, we just have a policy it is my understanding of not taking donations,” Bloomberg said.
Reason number one: we learned from our experience. It’s satisfying for me to know that even though tensions ran high and egos were bruised we were able to move forward. My assumption is that although not everyone may have forgiven or forgotten the episode on Friday they rose above personal resentment and were able to work professionally throughout a similarly stressful workload. Bottom line is that we did not want to repeat Friday’s fiasco.
However the previous administration’s minister of water affairs, Lindiwe Hendricks, that’s the militantly-angry lady on the far left in this Volksblad newspaper picture, adamantly refused to admit that the country’s growing water-borne health problems could in any way be due to the overwhelming faecal pollution of the country’s water supplies – i.e. that this could in any way be blamed on any of the ANC-run municipal sewerage plants.
Read this book recently. I do tend to read more children books these days, with having children of my own. Though to be honest I’ve always had a thing for children’s books – Winnie the Pooh, Wind in the Willows, Alice in Wonderland, to name a few.
and opening your heart and eyes to things
Gross?
People sometimes ask about the practicalities of writing for different age-groups. Is it difficult? Confusing? Does it require a major switch of focus, or a preparatory period of immersion in picture-books or adult fiction? I’m not really aware of any great difference in approach. Writing is writing, and once I have an idea, it’s the story itself and the characters whose heads I’m inhabiting that determine how the story will develop, the pace, the language, the length. What I can’t do, though, is have two or three projects on the go at the same time. It’s essential to feel that I’m living in whatever story it is, so that my mind works away at it while I’m doing other things, like swimming or gardening, or even sleeping..
The public prosecutor appealed but after a number of postponements, the prosecutor withdrew the case.
Funny tidbits related to the Avonmore Hotel maid: Michael needed to get back in our room and I had the key so our English-challenged maid let him in. After getting what he needed, he said "Thank you," and she responded "Please."
I stand and look at myself in the locker room mirror before I head out and face the run that lays ahead of me. I battle with the instinct to pick apart every imperfection I have. A run is something I always enjoy - it has become a healthy release, and a way to try and reclaim a healthy version of the body that carried 6 kids.
ROCHESTER, NY -- The Genesee Brewing Company has a long and storied history. It also has received a $20 million investment in upgrades over the past two years by its comparatively new owner, North American Breweries.
Nut Graf The central argument for why this story matters
In your book you call the Holy Bible, there is Script that says “SUNDAY” is the “Holy Day”. Now whom do you suppose viewed that as such? Whom wrote most of the “words” in that preceived holy book? Mankind? As they “Preceived” it to be of such? EACH DAY should be a work/rest day in true when you look upon things a bit more into “Creator/Creation” there should ALWAYS be work of done and Rest to be of had…..there is NO SUCH SPECIFIC DAY/TIME/PLACE for such…..EXCEPT that in which your soul being directs for YOU in its growth and need. What if you were to HOOK and PULL into this holy book and you are a “Farmer” whom has livestock to tend, crops to water/harvest etc….DO these just WAIT and do without on that day you call “SUNDAY” the day of rest as directed in your holy book? Livestock surely WONT understand the waiting and some may die or wither away in that waiting you see. EACH DAY should be considered work/rest/play……your being will bring in as it needs what it needs in the time and ways it needs. When you are hungry you eat, thirsty you drink and so on…… As in ALL things of creation DO NOT STOP……it is a continual flow at all times. This is ALL Progression of Evolutional Growth and Movements.
Now hear me out: I’m not trying to get down on myself. I know that perfection is unattainable, but understanding the realities of my conviction help me to grow…and so I’m sharing them with you.
In Regard to the Likelihood of a Pension Reform Bill Next Week
Now I'm verbally pleading, begging, and threatening my body to get me up the four stairs at the front of the house so I can get inside where the temperature is more moderate, where the bathroom, bed, computer, etc are. It seems a million years ago that it wasn't really so bad until the sixth or seventh chair. Now my downfall is the third.
I hope everyone has a wonderful Mother’s Day weekend and you get to spend time with your special mother!
In short, the results which emerge when one examines the structure of ears and their origins clearly invalidate evolutionist assumptions. The Grolier Encyclopedia, an evolutionist source, makes the admission that “the origin of the ear is shrouded in uncertainty.”362 Actually, anyone who studies the system in the ear with common sense can easily see that it is the product of a conscious creation.
In a large stainless steel saucepan, combine carrots, apples, pineapple with juice, lemon juice, cinnamon, nutmeg, and cloves. Bring to a boil over high heat, stirring frequently. Reduce heat, cover and boil gently for 20 minutes, stirring occasionally.
“More than the body,” God says, “I heal the heart.”
Berkowitz’s organization is pushing for the passage of the Sexual Assault Forensic Evidence Registry Act, which was introduced in Congress this year. The act would push local law enforcement agencies to identify untested evidence collected and stored well before DNA testing became an option in the early 1990s.
I like "Twist & Shout." I love the way George handles "Roll Over Beethoven." The delicate affection of "You Really Got A Hold On Me" makes it worthy of any mix-tape for that special someone. And their rendition "Money" can still put some cracks in your ceiling.
Balthazar will do whatever it takes to stop Redgrave and exact his long-awaited revenge against his killer. As Skye and Balthazar stand together to fight him, they grow closer—first unwillingly, then undeniably. Balthazar realizes his lonely world could finally be changed by her. . . .
The way the Internet has changed doing business so swiftly that a new book, The Age of the Platform by Phil Simon ($19.95, Motion Publishing, Las Vegas, NV, softcover) will prove a very useful way to make sense and take advantage of it. It is subtitled “How Amazon, Apple, Facebook, and Google Have Redefined Business” and Simon, a technology expert, shows how these companies have pioneered an entirely new business model based on a model that other businesses, large and small, should adopt if they want to thrive in the years ahead. The key has been their ability to secure passionate users, adapt quickly to change, embrace risk-taking and experimentation, continually add valuable planks—products, services or user communities, and integrate multiple devices, websites, and services under one umbrella. It is a treasure trove of information that can help any enterprise grow.
Wild foods, generally, are a tonic for life and not just for Spring. However, do get out there right now and be revitalized by the uniquely tender plants so verdantly abundant. You will only fully understand how good it will make you feel until you actually do it! Of course, that's partly self-evident. Nevertheless, it never ceases to amaze me how many people, including myself, simply don't do what is best for mind and body, earth and soul. In my own case, I've been making these smoothies on a near daily basis since the beginning of March, with the result that I felt so much better than I had before: much more awake, happier, more clear thinking. However, on the day the video was made (27th April) I'd not drunk a green smoothie for 2 weeks. Why? Why indeed when doing so had made me feel so great? Partly it's because I became really busy, and although that's not a full explanation, the more specific reason involves the lack of balance that occurred from being too busy, leading me to slip back into habitual tonne-of-porridge-eating ways. Although it takes no longer to go into the garden to collect a few wild greens than it does to make porridge, I'd slipped back into the easy and familiar. No more........
Because things will go wrong, and when they do, you're going to want helpful caterers. Let me illustrate:
Problem being my phone is out of alarms. I have filled them all. I have to prioritize. When something new comes up I have to erase some other alarm to replace it with the new thing. I don't have enough alarms to remind me when book reports are due for 4 kids or when this homework or that assignment needs to be turned in. In fact I forgot to register Olivia for school today because I had no more room in my calendar. That and I failed to read the email of instructions completely. Oops.
I saw parents yell at their children, be physically rough with them, ignore them, threaten them, and otherwise make choices that were appalling to me, all the more for the vividness with which I observed them.
I personally feel the second part of that question is the easier to answer: if you’ve got your message down, a good editor will make your words the best they can be.
"Oh guys, give it a rest." Cassandra said. "This whole thing is brilliant, and you know it."
Will love stay in the wings this time around? Or is this Vera's eleven o'clock number after all?
Hello Folks - Happy Monday - I'm not working this work, but not sure what we'll be doing. Have just got back from buying Andrew's new school shoes - I couldn't believe he's size 5 and a half already - he's only 10, and about to go into the last year of primary school. That was £42 on Andrew's shoes this morning, and £53 last week for Eleri shoes and trainers - OMG that's scary when you see it in black and white. Still got to buy some new uniform yet! Oh well, no more craft or jewellery maker buying me thinks :(
I've realised recently that prayer can be anything. Reading, writing, singing, drawing, dancing - anything that expresses praise and adoration, thanks and gratitude and love towards our loving Saviour.
the other for helping others.
I may have stopped drawing and painting for a long time but I found art in many other things. The art in writing, cooking, decorating, but with art comes criticism. I am my biggest critic, this is what I learned from my art. I’ve learned how to make judgment in life, in things and in people. Analyzing the meaning of literature & politics was what I learned in university, and with that, I was able to further establish judgments with a supportive basis.
First, open an image to which you want to add text. Choose the horizontal text tool from the toolbar and click the image near to where you want to position your text. Type in the text you would like to add. You can also add the more traditional style enhancements such as bold, italics or underline to your text while in text mode.
I'm not the hugest fan of the memoir as a genre (they can occasionally be wonderful, but usually either try to out do other memoirists in a horrible experiences contest or fall into the the rose-colored nostalgia trap), but Smith has written a beautiful and readable book about her experience in New York City and her relationship with Mapplethorpe, both hard subjects to approach without falling into cliches or glossing over rough edges.
1/2 cup Onion Soup mix (or 1 package)
Oh dear sweat angels. Speak to us about more:
It is Mother's Week this week. (What? You only celebrate one day? I am campaigning for Mother's Month. Preferably without kids. Ha! Sorry, I am a terrible mother.)
Blogroll
Has it really been 2 months since I wrote anything?? I guess it has....
Even though they’re void of chocolate chips, peanut butter, and nuts, a.k.a. the ingredients that usually produce the best cookies, these little guys definitely have something going for them. Sugar and butter. And more sugar.
The Opposition was relatively weakened by this move then, leaving only DAP and PAS as strong contenders in the elections that followed after 1969. UMNO in general have never tasted major defeat in the nation’s national elections at the federal level. They had in the process though tasted defeat in Kelantan and Terengganu.
The billboard was quickly replaced with an ad for the Harrisburg Symphony Orchestra.
Seagal’s intent results in an incredibly obnoxious vanity piece. The oil company is pure evil. Employees at one point torture and old man by first breaking his fingers, then chopping his arms off The graphic scene is as excessive as it is implausibly dumb. The Eskimos threatened by the oil company’s negligence are doe eyed noble savages who send Taft on a vision quest full of naked women to convince him to fight Jennings.
Very thoughtful, truly kind
O God! can I not grasp
And acknowledging
Scissors or Gardening Shears
Nate
Where has the week gone?
its this one secret 2 getn evrthn yu
A confident and engaged employee…will have more satisfaction at work…which will lead to increased satisfaction at home and in life…
They have either left the country or have become self-employed, waging a constant struggle for survival in small businesses run from homes and garages without pension schemes, medical aid or access to capital, which is largely reserved for blacks.
PPS The other day I found this photo of James Spader on my desktop. How did it get there? I don't know. I like to think that it found me. Let's just run with it and bemoan the fact that in this day an age it's almost impossible to find a man who will rock a sockless loafer, pale grey suit, open-neck shirt, Lady Di hair and come-hither eyes, a lit cigarette and a glass ashtray balanced so perfectly on his knee. I need to re-do my website this year, and get some photos taken, and honestly, I'd be delighted if I could pose EXACTLY like this.
In 1989, while attempting to extract precious minerals from his property, a wealthy Arizonan obtained a mysterious white material that initially defied scientific attempts to identify it. After several years of testing, this substance was revealed to consist of gold and platinum–but in a form unknown to modern science. Further research showed that this powder, which had also been discovered to possess marvelous healing powers, contained monatomic forms of precious metals whose electron units had been altered to no longer display the physical, chemical, or electrical properties of the original elements. This substance, Robert Cox shows, bears eerie resemblance to the ultimate quest of the alchemists: the elixir of immortality.
Mother’s Day is Sunday, May 13th. Please get orders in by Friday (5/4/2012).
the present decay of eastern Europe.
Into the cleaning caddy they went!
I think that’s about it for now. I just wanted to get a couple of those written down.
Although most of the video is in French the two British interviewees speak a version of BBC English.
But those people never were our friends.
So two of the mums in my mothers group have had new little people recently (and there are three more in progress!! Yes, it's about that time, the 2 year itch, heh heh).
According to a report in Eye Witness News, farm owner Gerhardus du Plessis’ daughter-in-law Jolene said most residents are not afraid of the couple. “I think the only people that really need to be scared is actually myself and my husband who was on the scene. We knew them for quite a few years. They were very friendly people, very philosophical people,” she said. She also mentioned that the couple once tried to convince her father-in-law to build them a bunker to live in.
The rice was nicely cooked and the bread had been warmed up, giving it a crisp, slightly oily crust (a bit focaccia like) and light, airy insides. In authentic Turkish style there was also bloody loads of it.
*-***: THE MATCHES OF THE NIGHT!!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm torn between exploring and helping Rowan get used to his new home--which means being home, decorating, giving it our energy, and following the bedtime routine that we've gotten used to. So while part of me really wants to go camping, I'm secretly glad I can blame Rowan and just nest.
I should add, though, that one of my coworkers had dirty towels in her room when she arrived. She asked for a new room and promptly got one.
Fifth, wow Michael Waltrip finished 7th!! Who woulda guessed?
I never knew what to say when you cried, Kadie. It always hurt me to see you so sad. I reached out and took your hand; your cold hands in my warm ones. I don’t know how long we stayed like that but to me it seemed like forever. I didn’t move and neither did you. We just laid there until your tears slowed and you could talk again.
morphed into showing some befores and afters of
The Farnham Report can reveal that just four weeks before openly gay Mr Ashby launched a civil case against his boss Peter Slipper alleging sexual harrasment, Mr Pyne and Mr Ashby met late on the evening of March 19 and enjoyed drinks together for some two hours in Mr Slipper’s office.
I know a lot of you have been waiting for this pattern and finally it is available again, in my new book "Sabine Lippert's beaded Fantasies"
Here we have 1 Thessalonians 5:14-18. This section of verses is known as a figure of speech. Figures of speech are beautiful distinctions in the Word, highlighting a special emphasis or importance on a subject. Each one is a key to unlocking secrets in God’s Word. We turn the keys by knowing their meanings and usages. We have a beautiful figure of speech here called, Asyndeton. It simply means; “without conjunctions.” It takes us through a list of statements. We need to see these statements as a whole and not separate, they lead to a greater conclusion or climax. In this section of verses, using Asyndeton, we find out what is the will of God.
Have African Americans evolved since they first came to North America? The question may seem strange. Doesn’t evolution happen over millions of years? The first slaves disembarked in the future United States back in 1619 and the last ones arrived (illegally) in the 1850s. That’s about three centuries. How could any population evolve over so short a time?
I've read a couple of these books now. Titanic, which was ok. And Pompei, which didn't inspire me enough to actually blog about it. But you can check out the Wondrous Words it inspired. Twice. Neither of those was a Royal story, and of course I'm quite interested in France, so was interested to try Marie Antoinette. Although of course, Marie Antoinette was actually Austrian, not French.
Ok, so she never called me, but maybe she deserves a little post on my humble blog.
Not only in this but countless other areas does Sharp's vision betray a semi-refreshing lack of familiarity with actual bikers, mods/rockers rivalry, Satanists, zombies, or hippies, whether in films, books, or real life. He does know solid British TV detective thriller pacing, so there's competent camera, interesting plot twists, and quite a bit of panning over craftily posed corpses, making PSYCHOMANIA kid-friendly, at least in this lone surviving print.
All are smoking. Two are talking to each other with the precise clipped tones of Beijing Mandarin (it's hard to tell if the words are friendly or not); the others are standing alone, looking away, looking for the taxis that E@L couldn't find either. They appear hard, arms folded across their chests; harsh; they look older in the streetlight than they will; dim lights and alcohol will make them appear gorgeous in the early hours in the Japanese karaoke bars (they speak fluent Japanese, can drink sake and Chivas and sperm till the sun comes up) or in the dim black-light glow downstairs in Brix (at The Hyatt). Mainly they stand apart, they see enough of each other thanks, sleeping six to a room.
Not surprisingly, since her disappearance, «numerous» communications from individuals claiming to have seen the child in different parts of Spain have been made. Nor this is the first time that Malaga appears on that map. Another source that we've consulted said that months ago another information that also placed the girl in Axarquia was discarded.
Pepino Melon - There's a lot of debate about how well this eggplant relative, native-to-the-Andes plant can grow in the Northern Hemisphere. It requires a long growing season, but tolerates cooler weather. I'm figuring since chayote, another Andean native, grows like a weed here, the pepino should do about the same. I'm also curious about the taste, which is said to be melon-like. I'll let you know. And btw, the chayotes that I put in last year grew phenomenally well.
While Emilíana says she hasn’t technically disowned her early albums, don’t expect a reissue any time…well, ever. “They don’t mean anything or say anything about me anymore,” she says. “In my world, I was just in a box, singing, and discovering something mind-blowing. It is what it is, but they are nothing to really hoo-ha about, you know? Afterwards people just wanted me to use that power voice all the time, and I just really wasn’t that into it. It was all so theatrical, total Queen! I should have been a transvestite.”
I also hope to apply my gift for mobilizing people (and mermaids!) to including disenfranchised Coney lovers in the local government processes that will determine it's future.
CTAN, which was established in 2006, has 65 member investors.
I’ve always been a bit of a night owl.. you know, I like to stay up at night and work on my images. I find night-time the best time for being a little more crafty. I don’t mean getting up to no good… although that’s always an added bonus….
For all of us who have solutions outside of the mainstream, institutionalized models, I really do believe the best way forward is to speak up! The more voices, the better. :-)
Smith later in the article refers to “density trivia,” which unfortunately trivializes the issue. The details are important, because few people are against density at a site that could support some significant density; the question is how much.
ice cold watermelon
The hazy sun seems to signify the smoke clearing. The long and winding road through the battered desert landscape now stands far in the background, while the spinning turbine blades continue to imply danger. And then, sheer solitude settles in, as the audience learns more and the camera pans around the car and back out into the horizon.
You went and not return,
So now the government can force us into slavery
You really have to keep your posture proper or you will be thrown off-balance if you flail your arms around too much, or if your legs are not bent properly, or if you start trying to grab the instructor.
‘White folk’s greed runs a world in need’ — again. Damn those free markets.
I want her to acknowledge that what she did to me was wrong.
Highschool.
My first thought when I saw them was that they'd be perfect for someone who dresses Fairy-kei, or Sweet Lolita... haha.. :3
1. They’re so big that when you sit next to them in the bus, half your ass-cheeks would be hanging off the seat.
And southward in the ocean, some people worked with clay
looking
Maybe that makes me old fashioned. But it is what it is. I am not trying to change the world or make an impact with these thoughts. I am just writing what I feel to get my juices flowing. This is mainly for me. Maybe there are more like me...but if there are...I am hoping that they will answer the door when I knock.
Not backing down, Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili - who launched and lost a war for South Ossetia in 48 hours in August 2008 - has declared the blockade of Abkhazia, which he claims as Georgian national territory, will remain in force. And he has just appointed as defense minister a 29-year-old ex-penitentiary boss with a questionable record on human rights who wants to tighten ties to NATO.
But how do I keep a steady supply of blog posts that are interesting?
A drink was placed in my hand and I looked up. A mask covered in raven feathers decorated this man’s face. Nervous, I took a hearty drink and spluttered its contents onto the pale blue shirt of my new companion. The drink, not punch after all but some sort of alcohol, tasted faintly sweet, like honey.
Young man? Connor bitterly mused. To you, Jesus is a young man.
Oh my.
It’s the most wonderful time of the year! Here at Hooray for Books, our holiday section has exploded into a vibrant display of red and green and silver and gold. It’s a great spot to stop awhile and browse! But if you’re in a rush, one of our friendly booksellers is more than happy to show you their “go-to” books for the season. And I, dear readers, am no different. There are certain books that I just love to hand sell during the holidays. Here are a few of my top picks!
Add flour, oats, baking soda, baking powder, salt and chocolate chips. Mix together well with spoon. Turn into greased 9 x 13-inch baking pan.
Man comes closer to God through the questions he asks Him, he liked to say. Therein lies true dialogue. Man asks and God replies. But we don’t understand His replies. We cannot understand them. Because they dwell in the depths of our souls and remain there until we die. The real answers, Eliezer, you will find only within yourself.
During our normal “potato bug patrol” today, almost as if on cue, I noticed a new form of leaf damage on one of the plants. Not sure what it is yet, but I’m sure another “save da tapoes” intervention is going to be required soon…
balanced past the park
How can ANYONE justify paying £2.59 Million for a term in office to such a useless and dishonest article.
Diver scallops, with shaved black truffle
Him: "Oh...I mean boo..go orange..are they winning? I'll cheer for them if they're winning"
<U+FFFD>Certainly I can say in my own case it did make a difference.<U+FFFD>
Time moves.
The Basilica of St Francis of Assisi in Italy was hurt by numerous earthquakes in the centuries after construction began in 1228. But never so badly as by two which struck on the September 26, 1997. Several people died in the second, members of a party inspecting the wreckage caused by the first. (This was memorably captured by Italian television and endlessly repeated.) The large complex was closed for two years, restored and strengthened. Now it hosts worshippers and visitors again.
Now this is not Gospel it varies according to the whims of the Gods.
For instance, I don't believe in a shush library. If your library is quiet, that means people aren't in there. That's bad for your stats and for your community. And I did let people help in the kitchen (even though the mess ... omigod the mess ...). And I basically stood back and let this lovely, loud, gregarious, generous family come into my house and take over.
“Buying more expensive dog food may seem a lot of money, but if you think that a bag will last a month, it is less than one euro a day to keep your dog healthy” says Julian.
On that note, and given the poor results we’ve had over the last half decade with our relay squads, I think we need to start looking at competitions such as the Pan Am Games as a critical part of the process of developing our relay squads. Especially given that there are precious few international opportunities available to have squads compete – let alone under “championship” type conditions. I know that this is the time of year when athletes want to shut it down and get a bit of rest – and the positioning of this meet near the end of October really extends that timeline. By the same token however, it does provide an opportunity when most of the principle players would be available. And having a one or two week “camp” culminating in a somewhat high level race would provide both a solid way to end the season as well as give us a preview of how we should be tweaking our squads going forward.
The city spigot of cash for a questionable Queens charity may be turned off.
Fréttabladid
How is it one day you're alive and well, and the next day you're not? I think of my uncle at Christmas and on New Year's Eve, how full of life and whitty/racist remarks he was...and then I think of him at the funeral home. There in body, but not really there at all. Not really there at all.
So go get yourself a bottle of Barossa Valley wine for $30 or less; Shiraz, Chardonnay, Cabernet, Riesling or otherwise…and let everyone know on April 25 what you think about the ”return of the Barossa Boomerang”. Kindly use #wbw76 on all tweets and references. I will provide a recap here and at the Wine Blogging Wednesday site no more than a couple days following April 25. So be sure to tweet all your links, share all your stories, (include those hashtags everywhere) so we (appreciate the ongoing support of Tim Elliot and Lenn Thompson towards making #wbw76 fun and successsful) can help pass your experiences and content on to even more winos by including your stories in all the wrap-ups.
- Frank Miller
Almost two hundred years later, Forbes Bramble can be found writing in The strange case of Deacon Brodie, 1976: “On the bare boards of the floor stood several bottles of Bell's ‘black cork’, thick, black ale more intoxicating than wine”. But this is not a contemporary source, and there is no reason to believe that Bramble hasn't just made a guess at what black cork was.
may soon come in reality.
Many never reach spiritual maturity because they don’t realize there’s something to reach for beyond the salvation experience. Christ is our example of obedience and maturity. He knew His purpose—to do the will of His Father. He knew why He was “sent” to earth, and why He was born of a woman. He also understood that His time on earth would be limited. Since Jesus came with His purpose already set before Him, He understood the importance of time management, setting priorities (what He was called to do, and what He was not), spending time with His Father for strength and encouragement, and how to make disciples.
The two Italian beat scientists Colossius and UXO have come together to form Agents of Decay, a sound experiment akin to a distant broadcast of some sort of post-apocalyptic radio show, that somehow got filtered through Europe in the 80's before being picked up on the emergency radio that you were hoping to hear important news on.
And, Girls, Ladies and Blokettes, I haven’t forgotten you. In a few months time we’ll be back bigger and better with the return of Fanuary.
About the Position:
The first thing the risen Jesus did was give his apostles the power to forgive sins in his name. It was the greatest head on attack against Satan, sin, and death that the world has ever seen, or ever will see … empowered by the grace of Jesus Christ’s atoning sacrifice … and the Church continues to fight that battle, in the world today.
Also, be sure to check out our Pinterest! We have boards specifically for Gardening Tips & Tricks and Fun Gardening Projects! Want to contribute your own ideas, pictures, or articles? Send us an email, tweet at us @Tap_Roots, or post on our Facebook page with your contribution!
I remember a few years back I was fly fishing Modesto Reservoir for spotted bass in a float tube. It was January but a clear day and man, the temps came up to about 60 degrees so I stripped off my shirt and started catching nice sized spots by casting small poppers right off the point of this small island. After about 45 minutes I put my shirt back on but the damage was done. I had sunburned my fucking armpits. Between holding my arms up to cast my fly and the sun reflecting off that clear water, my shit was cooked. I walked around for a week holding my arms out like some exaggerated gunfighter pose.
Enter the amazing Nate.
Sprites are electrical discharges that come out of the top of thunderclouds, opposite ordinary lightning bolts which plunge toward Earth. Sprites can tower as high as 90 km above ground. That makes them a form of space weather as they overlap the zone of auroras, meteors, and noctilucent clouds.
The class consisted of yelling, stretching, yelling, push ups, Sensei Frank yelling that we should yell more, us yelling more, Sensei Frank yelling back, punching, yelling, stretching and some yelling. Oh, and we yelled. I think there was some yelling too. The wheel of fate must have been spinning favorably that day, for I had managed to make it through the entire class undetected. I did this by cleverly turning my belt inside out, where there was only one blood spot instead of 35, and by constantly keeping my left shoulder out of Sensei Frank’s eyesight. This made me appear to be some sort of Karate Quasimodo who lacked the ability to dress himself properly, but I didn’t care. It was far better than bringing dishonor down on my family and then getting kicked in the face.
7. "Can't Hold Out Much Longer"
* Was Monster Baby your first attempt at writing a book or did you have other manuscripts hiding away?
If you cross the South African Border illegally you get:
Now this is a good basic cookbook. It is perfect for beginners but also for seasoned cooks who like to keep a reference book on food on the shelf. What I like about this book is that it explains how to select, store, and prepare everything from herbs to meat. There are recipes included throughout, but this book is more about the food itself and the community which produces it. Stories about the producers and the people involved in bringing the food to the Bi-Rite Market also make the book seem very familiar. This is an amazing book, and I think it is a book everyone should keep on their bookshelf. It will quickly become your most used cookbook, I bet.
I spent my 'formative' ad years at an agency that didn't enter them, the CD there at the time was (is) one the smartest dudes in advertising, he thought they were a crock.
if you have any feeling of hopelessness inside and you can’t seem to escape its infectious grip, cry. cry hard. cry as often as possible. wash it out of your system. and talk. to anybody you trust and truly love. it will help to set you free–eventually.
Then the bankers claimed they were losing money on defaults when the loss was that of the investor lenders. To add insult to injury the bankers had used some of the investor lender money to buy insurance, credit default swaps and create other credit enhancements where they — not the investor lender —- were the beneficiary of a payoff based on the default of mortgages or an “event” in which the nonexistent pool had to be marked down in value. When did that markdown occur? Only when the wholly owned wholly controlled subsidiary of the investment banker said so, speaking as the ” master servicer.”
Pretty soon we’re pulling each other in different directions with the capriciousness of a kid’s treasure hunt. “Look at this!” “No, come ‘ere, this is amazing!” and so on. There’s so much to see and so many whimsical pieces, I can’t decide what I like most. Scrunched Flowering Imps planted in the middle of a lush lawn or a line of torsos yapping on mobile phones with comical facial expressions, glass ball plants and metal flowers swaying in the midday sun. Mindfield is a flower bed planted with glass brains and there’s a dreamy-white yearning tree with dangling wishes from children: ‘I wish my mum would get in the swimming pool once in a while.’ We’re going to have to go back and gorge in the weeks ahead. Later that day I bring my Ma along (after the hospital) insisting she plunks down into a wheelchair even though she can walk short distances OK. There’s too much to see and I want to dash around, show her as much as an ordinary hour can shove in. The aulfella is housebound since April 2010 (refusing to use any walking aids or contraptions that would ensure a slice of normality) so she rarely gets out these days. Face to face with her first ceramic penis after 77 years on the planet, she gasps: “I know art is art, but Jesus Christ, is there any need for that kind of thing!?” Yes, mother, I’m afraid there is. Here’s just some of the pics I took on my phone and some more I pinched off a mate doing the rounds with a camera yesterday. I can’t recommend this exhibition enough – it’ll cheer you up and pull you out of the doldrums – if only for an hour:
This week I’ve taken my question of the week from a law student that I met while celebrating one of my best friends birthday, rather than an email request.
(Someone tell me why a video someone uploaded of the homer to youtube has been taken down due to copywright laws, when the b mac grand slam has not?)
FÜR JEDEN GESETZLICHEN KONTAKT, DER VON EINER POLIZEIBEAMTEN ODER EINE VOLLZUGSBEHÖRDE DIESES ZUSTANDES ODER EINE POLIZEIBEAMTE ODER EINE VOLLZUGSBEHÖRDE EINER GRAFSCHAFT, DER GROSSSTADT, DER STADT ODER ANDERER POLITISCHER UNTERTEILUNG DIESES ZUSTANDES AUFGENOMMEN WIRD, IN DEM ANGEMESSENES MISSTRAUEN EXISTIERT, DASS DIE PERSON IST, WIRD EIN, AUSLÄNDER, DEN WHO IN DEN VEREINIGTEN STAATEN, EIN ANGEMESSENER VERSUCH UNGESETZLICH ANWESEND IST, GEBILDET, WENN DURCHFÜHRBAR, UM DEN IMMIGRATION-STATUS DER PERSON FESTZUSTELLEN, AUSGENOMMEN, WENN DIE ERMITTLUNG EINE UNTERSUCHUNG HINDERN ODER VERSPERREN MAG.
He cloaked himself as a person would. He had been injured previously in a small riot and didn't want to reveal what state he was in. Not everyone in Sharn had been ready for his ideas, and he was ready to suffer for it. His radical movement was still smaller than he wanted, but it was gaining momentum. Precisely the reason why the Lord of the Blades wanted to meet with him, or so he thought.
Overall rating 2.91 out of 5
An empty heart
without doubt he will perish everlastingly.
- Make sure that you have a plan whenever you’re leaving a building. If you were to get attacked, do you know where you’d run to for help?
Iris Johansen, WHAT DOESN’T KILL YOU
The third one is doing the best, actually all the sudden. It’s been there for years as well, and has never bloomed. It’s in afternoon sun.
It is amazing to think that Marilyn is as much a part of our culture today as she was at the height of her career in the 1950's. Her image hasn’t dated and she is still an inspiration to many.
And I think a recital works better for me, instead of coordinating with a huge group at this point of time.
Now, to the important stuff. What is this blog about?
Which brings me to the point – how to survive the wedding bubble? So many will give you advice on how to do things, what to do and when to do it. But honestly, I read blog after blog, post after post which by the way I LOVE doing but it brings me to the one and same conclusion. Do things your way.
Early the next morning, I ate breakfast quickly and started my day by visiting Clifford’s Tower, which is the last remaining portion of York Castle. As well, it was also the sight of a Jewish massacre. The rest of the castle had long since been demolished in order to build an 18th century prison.
23 Call the current layer (the only one so far) on the main scene hangman and lock it.
I’m stuck, folks. What does one do with this? It doesn’t take up much room, but it seems silly to keep it in a drawer.
Here are the 2012 honorees:
A few interesting facts:
I did not have any books with me this time. But the flight was anything but boring, and flying is such a wonderous magical experience which we seem to have forgotten.
Are they articulate?
My parents (both music teachers), were not surprised.
In South Korean (International Chart) : ‘Payphone’ by Maroon 5 ft Wiz Khalifa
They must in turn post this and send something they make
You know that sinking feeling that you've lost something that means a great deal? Yep - I was feeling sick, but knew it wasn't the end of the world. It was, apparently, to her. We decided to go through the aquarium and then I'd go to the lost and found or check back with the Imax people and see if it was on the floor next to her chair.
He did, in fact, FINALLY get the blue ray player on his laptop to work.
I'm thankful to get some crafting time in and play with my new goodies!
A few months ago, a dear friend came to me with news of a possibility to adopt. Of course, my heart grew really big with just the idea of another sweet baby; and a boy! We adore little boys around here! We felt as if the heavens had parted and handed us this little miracle-to-be. Birthmom's due date isApril 13th, but has delivered all her other babies 2 weeks early, so more likely March 30th. We have kept in contact with her, and she has been solid about placing this baby. Until yesterday.
The solution to this problem is found in the gospel and for Tchividjian much of this gospel truth was found in the book of Colossians. It is here that Tchividjian discovered the gospel truth that Jesus + nothing else = everything because everything we have in Christ is all we need to shape and find our identity. The growing truth that is set forth in this book is that though we need to gospel to get saved we need it just as much after we are saved. The gospel not only “ignites the Christian life” but is also “the fuel that keeps it going (p. 37).” This is a book about helping us to find and remove the idols in our lives that our hearts seek to build our identity around.
Click here for ACCV meeting minutes and dates for upcoming meetings, which can be accessed via tele-conference call by the public who cannot attend the Rockville, Maryland meetings in person.
And this is a particular good year for May to come around since I’ll be turning 21.
The ReaderCon included a keynote speech on "prosumers" (producers who are also consumers/consumers who are also producers), panels on book clubs and book blogging, and book raffles. It felt like a party with fun people eating yummy food, sharing their love and passion for books and social media, and celebrating and promoting the reading COMMUNITY. I'd like to thank the sponsors again, and I'd most especially like to thank the head organizer and my good friend Honey de Peralta. ~^o^~
There’s an adjective I use a lot lately in describing life in post-coup Bamako. That adjective is “normal.” Walking or driving through the city’s neighborhoods, and talking with its residents, one can be surprised by just how little seems amiss. And it’s only been three weeks since Mali’s political scene was completely upended and two decades of democratic rule interrupted.
I’m not trying to prove anything. That’s not what I’m trying to do.
And on Wednesday night I was at a very well-attended launch there for my friend Cath Staincliffe's new novel, The Kindest Thing, published by Constable and Robinson. Held in the events room with its elegant windows overlooking Deansgate and the thirties windows of Kendal's (which always make me expect Superman to come flying in front of them at any moment), it was a lovely evening. The book is a departure for Cath from her detective novels, although it's a crime novel in that it's constructed around a criminal trial, and the very topical case of a woman convicted for helping her husband, who was suffering from motor neuron disease, to die. It's a page-turning read, and yesterday, suffering from a migraine and unable to write yet still able to read, I took the book to bed and gobbled it all up in one day!
Speak to her like a human being and she'll speak to you the same way.
I'm glad that we have access to any toilet around so that we don't have to pee in the street, (not me, some guy I saw).
It happens in a blink (x4)
There is a tradition that the Nephilim were giants, super-humans who were able to do supernatural things. Think of Goliath, or Sampson in the Bible.
Since graduating 9 months ago he continues to apply himself by studying hard, putting in the extra yards to not just be a Fireman but be the best Fireman he can be. He has a drive, he has a passion for what he does and he applies himself in every aspect of his job and words can not describe how inspiring that is to not only to hear but also to witness.
Analyses of documentary films representing individuals who share some demographic trait(s) as in the Seven Up series and Twitch and Shout. Abstract by 15 March 2011; G. Thomas Couser (g.t.couser@hofstra.edu).
I used one of the plain colored pieces of paper of the pad and stamped the large paw print all over, creating my own DP. I thought that was a pretty cool way of using those plain pieces of DP and make it pop!
Bottom line: Its only flaw is leaving you wanting more of the same. Leviathan is a magnificent adventure set in a brilliantly executed steampunk World War I, with a dashing good male lead and the best underage and undercover lady soldier I’ve ever encountered in fiction.
Length: 1:00:32
The one I’ve been using for about a week is “On Duty 24 hours.” It has a very fresh clean scent..not really floral, just clean. Yes, it’s a roll-on and it does roll on nicely, but a huge downside for me is it takes a couple of minutes to dry. When you roll it on, your underarms are pretty wet. I have to sort of flap my arms around before I put my shirt on. I would NOT reach under my shirt and apply this deodorant. I HATE that wet-underam-wet-shirt feeling!!! Ugh. I definitely would let my underarms dry before putting any type of shirt on. Yes, indeed.
Truth be told, there are not that many steps anyway.
I've already got several bottles lined up, from the likes of Pen-lon, Celt Experience, Neath Ales,and more from the Purple Moose and Vale of Glamorgan breweries.
Leigh snapped back, bewildered that Devi could have known her thoughts.
These beautifully said words caused me to pause and contemplate. I do want what she describes. That I don’t have it isn’t because “my person” isn’t out there; it’s that I haven’t made room to let him in. To make room, I’ll have to learn to share. This is a big step for me and I’m open to it.
No, I'm not talking about processed and canned meat. I'm talking about unsolicited email messages. Why must I spend half an hour each morning day clearing out my inbox of crazy offers I cannot refuse? Viagra for only 2 cents a pill, instructions on how I can cut my mortgage in half, regrow my hair, grow my penis 7 inches over night, and meet the woman of my dreams... I just don't need any of these things! Honestly! Don't believe me? Well, I'm still young enough to get it up, don't have a mortgage, I look good without hair (or at least I don't care...), my penis is more than sufficient (some would say the best they have ever had... others would say the worst, so on average; not bad), and call me old fashioned, but I'm not really keen to import a wife.
There is no point on me touching on the subject that I could go above and beyond my goal and screw myself by losing too much weight. I'm just a "glass is half empty" kind of gal.
Besides travel and lodging expenses, pageants require an entry fee that usually ranges from fifty to several hundred dollars, depending on the type of competition being entered. Makeup and hair is typically done by a professional makeup artist. Spray tans and other accessories also must be paid for, as well as clothing and outfits. Dresses can cost anywhere from $200 to $6000, depending on the designer and the amount of adornment on the garment. Some parents hire pageant coaches to teach their child professionally choreographed routines.
Hi everyone, I'm so sorry for the delays, I'm so busy this past few days and don't have time to sit and work with the computer. But for now I will just give you some updates on what's going on this blog.
She's right. Publishing is still a predominantly white industry. It would be great to see more writers of different ethnicity. And it would be great to see more characters of color represented in our books. They don't have to be by minority authors only. I would love to see all authors challenge themselves by writing outside their comfort zone and embrace our multi-cultural world. All I ask is that they do it with integrity and represent us honestly and not as some stock stereotypical character. It's not hard to do if you do your research and treat your characters with respect. Like Libba does.
And dusty streets
Church officials did not cite a specific example of those public statements, but said the reform would include a review of ties between the Leadership Conference and NETWORK, a Catholic social justice lobby. NETWORK played a key role in supporting the Obama administration‘s health care overhaul despite the bishops’ objections that the bill would provide government funding for abortion. The Leadership Conference disagreed with the bishops’ analysis of the law and also supported President Barack Obama’s plan.
The wife was in the true zone of superior sarcasm….. “I wish they would call you and schedule that dang bug zapper surgery for your spine! Then you could just wait till all the bugs land on you, give yourself a huge jolt, and then watch the electrocuted little buggers fall to the floor!! ha hahahahah “
Again, I become dragged into the cliche of writing blogs about cliche topics. Because of my friends… Well actually it was one friend in particular… and she is beaming from ear to ear as she reads this part about her. Things I do for my friends. But I love them nonetheless.
There is plenty of function to go with this case's style. The snap closure makes for very fast opening and closing. Only one snap shows when the case is closed. At first, I thought that gave the case a somewhat off-balance look, but it serves a purpose: with the case closed, you still know "which way is up" — the nibs are at the same end of the case as the snap, so it's easy to know that you are placing the pens in your pocket nibs up. There is a flap that covers the top of the pens to keep them from sliding out. Curiously, almost none of the stock marketing photos I've seen for this case show the flap going over the pens.
You remain unsatisfied
Occasionally, we catch a glimpse of this nature we once knew and respected, as we drive through National Parks and similar government held federal land management areas. And as we marvel at the flowing waterfalls from raged and glorious cliffs, and as we ponder the ancient forests with vigor and awe, we for a moment – a brief but glorious interval between mental anguish and societal ambiguity – we feel the real world. We release the sophistry of normalcy and breath in the fresh air and drink the clean flowing water. We revel in the web of nature beauty, barely recognizing the sense of well-being it causes… and then roll up the window and drive back down the mountain to our cities and metropolises where what we call “real life” exists. As our mental anguish returns almost immediately, we settle in until the next time we can get away from the real life and simply breath the fresh air once again.
1 fray
I continue to be amazed, bemused how some cycling chic women who cycle daily, have such a wide range of dresses, skirts, heeled dress shoes and lovely leather boots. Unless I want to spend a ton of time cruising the second-hand clothing stores, I know I will not be able to make my mortgage payments by having a revolving lovely chic wardrobe with a few new pieces every year.
make a homemade bag,
“The sacrifice of Imam Hussain (A.S.) is not limited to one country, or nation, but it is the hereditary state of the brotherhood of all mankind.”
What many women don’t realise is that there’s a level of attractiveness which is “good enough”. Which is to say, good enough for ninety per cent of heterosexual men aged 16-30 to jump all over you if you ask them politely. If you’re already at that level, there’s not much point getting a nose job to satisfy the remaining ten per cent. It’s better to work on other things, like your sense of humour and your cooking. Or why not learn to play the harmonica? I’ve always thought that little organ looks quite fetching in a woman’s mouth.
TODAY.com reported in February, that Nestle was going to be making Girl Scout candy bars. The wait is almost over.
I want financial freedom.
Andy’s bungled confession to MIX (“I want to fill your hole!”) was priceless; he consistently gets some of the best lines of all his peers. Also, Zessica tells Mikono straight up “he’s all yours,” and while she won’t give up loving him, she’s at least moving on, or at least trying to. Hopefully this will mean her character can evolve beyond full-time Amata-piner; after all, she’s a pretty good fighter. Her new outfit is even more ridiculous than her last – she just isn’t capable of covering more than 45% of her boobs.
~ Must be 13 years or older to enter (This is an "adult" read so it does adult themes, though it's a very clean read for the most part- nothing you wouldn't really see in the typical YA.)
While looking to find a large diaphragm microphone, I was looking at the TeleFunken R-T-F m16 that retails for $ 1700.00 dollars and it is said to sound close to a C12. While researching this mic, I found out that Telefunken did nothing more than re-label the Apex 460 and put the high price tag on it. As the article indicates TeleFunken decided to change it’s “Bad” to the TeleFunken R-T-F m16 MKii by doing a few factory Pimp Mods!. The microphone was basicly replace by the “Copperhead” to remove the bad taste from the entire issue!
Many thanks for reading and thinking about this. Please do circulate this widely among family and friends. I look forward to hearing your responses at your earliest convenience.
And as we let our own light shine,
I had a quick taste of it for which I had to put down my Mexican Logger. Let me tell you, there's a difference on your palette between a 4.2 percent ABV beer and an 8.7 percent ABV beer. The Pils was hot!
Two of their brands are due to be arriving soon, long before the airport's brewpub is set to open. In the coming days or weeks look for Gordon Biersch's Marzen and one of their rotating seasonal beers.
WARNING---NAKED PHOTOS MAY OFFEND
Eeeee, my cousin Beta had her baby today - just as she planned! How lucky, or determined, or maybe a little bit of both. I remember reading something recently about how women in the U.S. had fewer than average babies on Halloween, and more than average on Valentine's day. So theoretically, women can sometimes have an influence on when they go into labour. Cool, yes?
Now I have to pass this award on to 10 lovely blogs that inspire me.
Luke: Oh, father. sighs Well, I guess that means more Samoas for me.
11. Where do you see your store in 5 years?
“If a serving senior Federal Court judge who presided in Teoh’s RCI can be ignored by the AG, then what is the weight of the recommendations by Hanif (left) or Shim to him?”
The Victorians tended to ignore Shelley's passionate radicalism, vegetarianism and feminism in favour of his swooning love poetry. The unforgettable Paul Foot here makes a spirited case for the revolutionary poet as socialist figurehead. Excellent, tub-thumping stuff, right down to the great title and iconic cover with red star and dishevelled poet seemingly heading a mob march.
But the other half of the excitement is – of course – to write myself. I do love to write, especially about things which interest me, which probably is evident from this blog. But sometimes I wonder whether people really find interest in what I write about, of course, every writer is a critic of him or herself, no wonder there. I don’t know if I would continue writing, if I didn’t get positive feedback. Or feedback at all. But I do. Most often I can see that there have been people visiting my blog, but whether they liked it is not always obvious. It is more obvious when they choose to follow my blog, which really is a positive feedback in my eyes, or when they like the post. That is much appreciated from me, thank you:o). But this week I have twice experienced to have my posts reblogged, and that’s really something I appreciate deeply. That might be the highest level of positive feedback I can get, that people actually want to share something I’ve written with their own readers.
1. The Border Boys - When The Party Is Over
Then I got this funny visual about when I was a little kid (not that I'm that much more mature now) and having a tiff with my younger brother about fighting over some toy. You know, both of our hands on the toy pulling back and forth screaming "Mine!", "No, mine!".
We should remember that who and the circumstances we were born into are luck and that you are not entitled to greed and wealth from birth, no matter who you are.
Milk (especially processed milk)
Steven Berkoff will present a masterclass in evil on Wednesday and Thursday, February 7 and 8, 2012, when he stars in Shakespeare’s Villains.Berkoff has fashioned a career from being one of the most evil players on stage and screen.
"What?" I asked.
pressed the pulse button several times making pesto sauce
The random access memory storage space for the normal hardware settings w<U+043E>uld b<U+0435> 1 gigabyte of space. The ultra settings would be double th<U+0435> normal hardware settings and b<U+0435> tw<U+043E> gigabytes.To process the data quickly <U+0435>n<U+043E>ugh f<U+043E>r the normal gaming experience th<U+0435> Central Processing Unit speed w<U+043E>uld b<U+0435> <U+0430>t the minimum <U+043E>ne thousand, <U+0455>ix hundred megahertz. For the ultra setthngs it should be <U+0430>bove <U+043E>n<U+0435> thousand e<U+0456>ght hundred megahertz.
5:27 - Girls go outside; TURTLE LOST! Short search and rescue party begins
I rather liked the look of this fun cupcake pincushion...
It was very simple and fun to make this - and would make a great gift for anyone on your list this year. The dimensions on this ornament or 2" x 3" so it is a great size- not to big or to small- just right!
* Took a trip to Moab with Michele, Linda, and Shanine
Apparently the deal stems from a complicated procedure worked out as part of the so-called debt ceiling bill that involves both the House and Senate voting on a resolution of disapproval against the increase. President Barack Obama would then have to veto the resolution and Congress would have to try and override that veto.
Saturated Fat 4.0 g
I also want to thank Down Sunshine Lane. I have ordered some charts from them and explained I was unable to work out the fabric for one of them: remnents of chemo brain. Bless them, they have done it all for me and I am looking forwards to seeing what they chose for me!
And Where has Indiana Jones been????
Fast forward five years. I am now out of High School, in college, and Beth is now working at Sheetz. One night I was sitting in my dorm room at college and my phone rang, it was Beth! :) This wasn’t unusual, because we would call each other and talk all of the time. I answered the phone with my usual, “Hey! What’s up?” and was greeted by a panic in her voice that made my blood run cold. Apparently, Beth had been working with a girl at Sheetz that night that told her she had seen a ghost. I listened intently as she described every detail of the story, but there was something oddly familiar about what she was telling me…it was oddly familiar because it was the exact scenario that I had experienced years before. I never told Beth this story (because I knew how scared she would be) and I certainly never told this girl that she was working with this story.
Police officers – some in riot gear and others with scooters – stood guard in front of the New York Stock Exchange and the entrance to Goldman Sachs in the Financial District as chanting protesters marched south.
Are you interested in the Invicta 8926 watch? Read our review of this watch and learn about all of the Invicta 8926 features.
Back in Paris to investigate her brother’s disappearance, Jac becomes haunted by the legend the House of L’Etoile has been espousing since 1799. Is there a scent that can unlock the mystery of reincarnation – or is it just another dream infused perfume?
Our challenges will run for an entire month so you have plenty of time to enter! And you can use any images you like and any recycled item for this month!!
There was one time in the summer when I was out with some of the girls who stayed down in Carbondale with me and I was working at the first bar and this guy with this thick mustache had been my customer the night before. I had served him all night and he was tipping me well, I never led on to anything else, just kept it customer and server because really a mustache is not my scene, and he was like 40. So anyway after we pregame and my friend's house we head to my bar. We are doing shots and getting nice and toasty when another server brings over a tray of shots and says this is from the guys at the bar, they said they knew you.
particularly with our dog, Tika.
"Look!"
m.timeslive.co.za/.../1/0&artId=4497
The Economist magazine has a couple of good articles about Australia’s increasingly enviable economic status. Here’s a blurb from the first article, which outlines the pro-market reforms that enabled today’s prosperity.
For difficult classes like fireworks, there may be a lot of text on sites about how it is not eligible. Use the “eligible classes” tab to spin the results to the more positive connation.
Contempt is one thing, impeachment of Holder should begin, and we should get to the bottom to what Obama knew and when he knew it.
But to suggest such a thing as that would be almost as un-American as-well, as a typical American politician.
That makes Brighton the most expensive place in the UK in which to park!
Welcome back from Susan Marlowe CPA! I have survived the great snow storm in Tehachapi! Tons of snow over the weekend and now the first day of spring is absolutely lovely. Go figure.
1941.
Be extra careful not to push on the clear plastic piece on the small end of the viewfinder, as it may push inward. If you do happen to push in the little plastic window, you need to try to glue it back in place through the screw holes in the viewfinder, which sounds extremely difficult and frustrating. The front chrome piece does come off, but you stand a very good chance of breaking it trying to do so.
Ahhhh and CMOST!
Money shouldn't always have to dictate form. One can use the same amount of money that as built modern 19c/20c uniformity be it back to backs or new towers , create with a little thoughtfulness and a bit of originality, one can make something culturally meaningful and beautiful
I mean, who else could be so cheerful before the sun comes up?
The passengers went about their business while a girl among the special needs group retreated to safety behind closed eyes. Quietly hoping the dead would not set its sunken eyes upon her as it slowly climbed with light feet, three steps and around the corner. Tears slip through her clenched eye lids held like a vice, trembling lips reciting the lords prayer as the ghost from Matilda’s past made its way toward the vacated seat left by the giggling girls as it waited for Mattie's heart to beat its last. Mattie could smell the same soil she laid flowers upon fifty years ago mixed with the perfume she had given Greta for Christmas threatened to send Mattie over the edge finishing the job as quick as lickity split. Greta’s slow progression toward her seat ended three rows behind Mattie who could no more bring herself to look upon the injuries she had brought upon her lover then she could let go of Jack the intruders hand.
I crashed into the side of the house.
I recently sat down with Christina (okay, so there might have been sitting on both ends, but we weren't actually sitting next to each other--oh, the joys of the internet) and asked her a few questions.
I now have my Olympics ID card, and an Oyster Card reserved just for Olympic participants. We all felt pretty special.
Kalinda toyed with the idea of running, though she still didn’t explain why. Eventually the season left us with a powerful image – Kalinda in the living room of her apartment, gun in hand, waiting for someone to come knocking on her door. Archi Panjabi probably won’t get an Emmy nomination for this season’s work as Kalinda, as the material has been somewhat light, but her ability to draw infinite interest from someone so closed off never fails to amaze. I only hope that show runners Michelle and Robert King realise that the audience’s interest in Kalinda is based not on knowing her secrets, but on knowing what it’s like to have to hold them.
Those I’ve had before, including Gageleer and Dupont Cervesia, are recreations of the pre-hop era of brewing in Europe’s Middle Ages. If nothing else, those beers show you why hops supplanted bog myrtle and other herbs in brewing.
The opportunity on days like today is to look at the half full glass...give ourselves a pat on the back for all we accomplished this past year and plan how we're going to carry that success and set of accomplishments into the new year...
She loved singing "Take Me Out to the Ballgame" too. Although I don't quite get that one. I mean we were already at the ballgame. Why would we ask someone to take us there if we are already there.....and the part about never coming back is a bit much, don't you think? But anyway, I digress. so she liked that and if you haven't been to Fenway Park before there is always the rendition of "Sweet Caroline" that is played in the middle of the 8th inning that Shyanne seemed truly amazed by.
With regards to the comments by Eusebius, even though he was skeptical of 2 Peter, he none the less included it with James, Jude, 2 & 3 John as “the disputed books which nevertheless are known to most.”[54] Widespread knowledge across Christendom does not occur over night. Also, Eusebius records that Clement wrote a commentary on all the disputed books “and the so-called Apocalypse of Peter”, which meant that in Clement’s day, 2 Peter was considered scriptural.[55] Again, this could not have happened over night.
This is nothing new, though. It’s been a part of my Christmas decorations for the past several years, actually. Except that for some reason, it’s rarely been used. Well, at least by me… I had a roommate for many of those years, so I can’t speak to whether it was used by anyone else.
suddenly, out of nowhere, a powerful blast of air freshener
During the ceremony the leftist activists read out what they said was “an alternative Yizkor prayer.” Six Arab students presented their personal stories and those present stood for a moment of silence.
Lawyers often work with court reporters who upload the transcripts to the Mobile Transcript account. A court reporter pays for the Mobile Transcript app and provides this service to law firms and lawyers. The court reporter pays $29 per month for this application. While the court reporters upload the documents, a lawyer can view them on the go.
I very much look forward to more of that with Millnet in 2012.
When opening the card, it revealed the treasure of two teabags: Vanilla Nut Creme Decaf Tea and Pomegranate Raspberry Green Tea - both from STASH. Can you hear a cup of tea bewing right now?
Well, I searched the web, but couldn't find any free "Repair Tag" clip art, so I decided to make my own based on the tag I had.
On a recent superb documentary about JRR Tolkien's Catholicism (yes I watched it - thanks Stuart!) we were warned that the palantir which presented twisted and evil facts to Denethor leading him to be demoralised, surrendering to evil and ultimately taking his own life, was akin to (and translated directly into English as) television.
So my cousin was going to the football game with her boyfriend of 12 years now. Then it was 11 years but I digress. So we were taking care of her two kids while they were at the game. And before her and her boyfriend were going to go shopping if he didn't have to work, so it ended up he had to work. So she texted me asking if I would go to the family get together if she would and I said whatever fine. So my parents took the older one with them and the boy and I had the younger one since had to take a nap. And we chilled out while waiting for the game to end and her to come over. Then we went off to my aunts house. I don't remember how long we were there exactly but it was really weird and awkward. One of my cousins was drunk and he was trying to get the youngest boy to come to him and he didn't do it which sort of amused me. But it was really annoying to me that he was drunk in the first place. Anyways we were going to have the kids do their presents. But no one stayed in the room and they all went into the other room. Which was super annoying. Before that grandma handed out cards with money in them. The boy got one which was good. And then the problem. Grandma left out my cousins boyfriend again.... see they say they are not racist but its pretty clear they are. And she just gave one card with some money for my cousin and her two boys. Well she was stewing and then the present thing didn't make anything better. It was pointless why we even came. We could have had a great time just staying at the house. But we tried. Its just never been the same since my great auntie died. So we were trying to make the best of it but I went in the other room and they were opening presents in there! And I was like what the crap. But I was just trying to give away the ornaments the boy and I made. Then my cousin blew up said she was done and well since I was her ride I was getting all ready to leave. Then it was a screaming match cussing all over and my uncle telling her to get out of his house and shes not welcome anymore. And grandma screaming that she isn't racist and that he never said thank you so that’s why she was mad. And then my grandpa who was drunk but trying to keep the peace and calm Heidi down and my aunt who tries to get into everyones business and oh boy it was quite the mess. So we high tailed it out there and went back to my house to wait for everyone to come back and then talk and later my parents took her and the boys home. But oh boy it was a great mess. Christmas day was good though haha.
Lewis’ lifelong desires had been pointing him to something greater – his love of myth and storytelling had primed his heart for the truth that he was discovering.
5. I've always been curious about what human flesh tastes like. Damn those zombie movies.
Jared Bernstein joined the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities in May 2011 as a Senior Fellow. From 2009 to 2011, Bernstein was the Chief Economist and Economic Adviser to Vice President Joe Biden, executive director of the White House Task Force on the Middle Class, and a member of President Obama’s economic team.
Here is a picture of the sign in progress:
The last few releases have been criticised quite heavily for the lack of carbonation, which is justified to a degree but I don't think it completely ruins the beer like many people seem to suggest. It's a big complex beer and well worth getting hold of.
My mom also made a Garden Salad with Basil Vinaigrette:
We had a separate contest for our friends who serve our community including fire departments, EMS and community service organizations. The winner in that category was the Hamden Firefighters Association with their “Nasty Bird.” They will receive a $100 prize.
Chris (Mrs) walked barefoot and topless until some random stranger gave her a top, hitchhiked and walked to her home, phones were down, no one could come to help her as noone knew what had happened. When she got home her house was totalled, her car in a hole in the ground, she turned around and hitchhiked and got a taxi to her parents place in Burnside, still covered in dust, sewarage, blood and smoke. There she found her 2 year old son fitting with an extreme temperature. He has been to doctor and it's a virus.
Dec 18 Grunspan Hamburg, Germany
Anyway, that’s what I felt like writing about today. It was more for me than any of you but I hope you enjoyed it at least a little.
In the lectures he gave that followed, the anti-frog brigade dropped out.
My Rating: 5.0 of 5.0
This ties into the previous point of the characters as types. The details of the types are almost of no consequence – if Vincent had gone to another country for three years, with a different set of funny, interesting associated dialogue, it would have no consequence for the character. The details are of no consequence for motivation with one exception – the boxer’s need for the gold watch.
TLDR Don’t Watch This: pseudo-wincest… wait, shouldn’t that be for “watch”?
If you have 20 or 40 or 100 pounds to lose, you have to start somewhere. Everybody that has made successful life changes had day 1. Once you get going, the journey can be fun and exciting.
taking us all the down to the dark depths
When thousands of protesters are expected to descend on Chicago this spring for the 2012 G8 and NATO summits, they will also be approaching the grounds of a National Special Security Event. That means disruptive activity, to whichever court has to consider it, will be a federal offense under the act.
Regarding Germany’s long-term energy goals, its renewable energy use would rise from 17% to 35% of its total energy usage by 2020. The WEF stated that this policy was “intended to bring Germany long-term economic and environmental benefits by putting it at the forefront of green technology.” In other words, Germany would be at the forefront of renewable energy (or one of the few); that this position would create new economic opportunities, which would be good for business, which in and of itself would create new jobs far in excess of 11,000. It does not appear, based on the argument presented in the WEF report, that switching from nuclear to renewable energy would have an impact on the economy. Even if one accepts the figure that 11,000 would lose their jobs, is the argument that Germany needs a nuclear industry so they can work a valid one?
Donna M. Clark said...
Listen, time passes.
The project began with a rough sketch of the historical area supplied by Katherine, together with a draft of Bucephalas’ manuscript as a guide.
Muriel, ou le temps d'un retour (Alain Resnais, 1963) - "It's as though these characters are trapped by this story, as trapped as the partying bourgeois of Buñuel's The Exterminating Angel, made the year before. Buñuel trapped his characters in a physical space, but Resnais encircles these people only with the boundaries of narrative and cliché. They're hemmed in by the story, by the editing, by the illogic of a film where everything seems to be perpetually on the verge of happening without ever quite getting there. The characters keep expressing their emotions, telling and retelling their stories, exploring a past that seems to be evasive and contradictory, but they never progress beyond their state of stasis, repeating the same actions and the same arguments over and over again."
Before we start, we would like to announce some changes to our challenge blog.
Look what I found when I went to go to sleep!
Nothin' wrong with kickin' back grabbing a good book while sipping' on some whiskey. It's actually one of my favorite things to do. Well lucky for you we now have a great selection of books to choose from.
Not to mention all of the regular stuff we have going on. Tannah is back to piano and Willow to ballet in the next couple of weeks. Home ed groups and birthday parties for friends and family. And no house move in complete without a trip to Ikea.
Angry Legs of Southsea write: Why oh why, Mr. Brain, did you think it was a good idea to take all the gears off this bike?! It’s alright for you, you’re not the one doing all the work!
We aren't home enough.
This poem I wrote after a long night of talking but with a heavy heart of thinking. It was a very dark poem which was the personification of what I was feeling at that moment… nothing. This was my best way to describe my inner turmoil and lack of hope for the future.
like it’s even worth celebrating. all everyone can talk about when anyone mentions ‘Malaysia’ is the current comical state of our country’s politics and the petrol hike and Anwar.
These developments gave new meanings to authenticity. The American late sixties emphasis on community roots was now extended to a demand that rock was to ‘serve the people’. The roots of rock in blues were mythologised and links to the music of ‘oppressed people everywhere’ were welcomed. The search for roots sent several groups searching through the national musical inheritance mixing it with rock, often with decent results without however opening doors for a wider movement.
With cowdung in the grass the angry frogs
but I must insist it’s true.
Line 3 – 3 syllables
So how do you know if he is really confused and isn’t stringing you along until his ‘Ms. Right’ comes along? I’ve often heard, if a man wants to be with you he will be with you. While I agree to a certain extent with this statement, I don’t think it’s always that simple. Sometimes there really are other factors preventing him from being with you despite the fact that he actually wants to; but most times if a man feels you are the one, he won’t be so confused and his actions won’t change so frequently.
08 - Keep Away
I think I’ve been to enough boring seminars to understand how he feels, but the theme of both these poems is that studying the stars or applying science to them somehow robs them of their wonder. I think many non-scientists probably go along with this view: it’s beautiful to gaze at the sky but reducing it to measurements and graphs somehow ruins it.
However other spas caught my eye and I had to share these little gems:
I don't understand
I sometimes feel that I just want people to STOP wanting things from me and just SCREAM OUT LOUD -
Silence means being tranquil so that we can pay attention to the Voice that seeks out our hearts and minds.
Ok, for those of you who've never had dandelion bread before, which included me up until now, it's really tasty! After pouring the batter in the tin, I feared it might be too bitter, but the baking of it made that bitterness disappear. It turned out really nice, and I'm quite proud of this.
Counsel for the US Government went very close to arguing that TV Links was wrongly decided. In any event, Counsel sought to distinguish Mr O'Dwyer's behaviour from the restrictive decision in TVLinks. First the TVShack websites were entirely in the hands of Richard O’Dwyer and his co-conspirators, requiring third parties to sign up to TVShack and be vetted before going further. Secondly, unlike TVLinks, there was no attempt to protect copyright, as Mr O'Dwyer knew materials were subject to copyright and actively taunted already-cited efforts in June 2010 to seize TVShack.net.
Nothing says sunshine to me like flowers. Hope y'all enjoy them as much as I do. I may revisit this theme later in the week for some yellows that aren't flowers.
This morning I was pleasantly surprised when it was my turn to "go" by a brilliant orange shade sprinkling the edge of the seat as well as the side of the throne and the back of the wall. (Joy.) Because kidney disease runs in my family, we had a discussion tonight about the importance of drinking lots of water and maybe even some cranberry juice during the day. "But why, Mom?" So I then explained that when you get a bladder infection it might make your pee dark or burn then, if not taken care of, your kidneys will start hurting. The light bulb went on! Suddenly Ian's kidneys are killing him and he's DYING! (note: this sudden increase in pain and discomfort started when he was reminded that it was time to clean his room.) I'm also getting frequent updates on each of my children's comings and goings from the restroom as well as a detailed description as to the shade of their waste. *sigh* Maybe I just should've suggested that we all need to drink more water and left it at that.
Disclaimer: This book contains graphic sexual encounters and violent scenes. I would not recommend this book if you prefer a more PG13 rated content.
Spread the word and let me know so I can start planning carpools, etc.
Muted and low, like my ego humbled.
Getting There and Where to Stay
My advice to any aspiring playwright is this: Learn how the business of the theatre world operates (it’s very different from the publishing world), get an agent, and watch your back. And never, ever pay a submission fee to anyone--no matter what.
Activists brandishing banners with anti-capitalist slogans swarmed picket lines at the Chase Building on Park Ave, while others gathered behind barricades at the Bank of America tower at Bryant Park.
Intern: Go ahead! Fire me! You can fire me, take away my income, but I don’t care. I’ll post on the forums about this injustice!
MBR: I really don't. I love them all for different reasons. When I'm working on one, I think it's the most horrible thing ever, but then I fine tune it and begin to love it, and by the time it's done, I'm proud of it.
I find it interesting looking at Gardenias and Orchids. Seeing the difference in thinkness from other flowers like Roses and Tulips.
Because of the appearance of the autumn season, the water of the ocean becomes calm and quiet, just as a person developed in self-realization is no longer disturbed by the three modes of material nature.
water supply in Markurdi,
Remember, this blog is focused on the political perspectives of young people. We can’t tell you how often we hear these sorts of things from young liberals. EVERY WEEK I have discussions with several people over these false statements that they wholeheartedly believe. Forget reading facts, arguing with teachers, or understanding both sides of the spectrum before making a decision.
Late one night we were snuck in to peek.
I can feel the cold grip of winter loosening its hold here in northeast Nebraska. We had an extremely nice winter, but I am still happy to see spring. Below are some sure signs that spring has arrived at the farm….
forever, (and ever) forevermore
By the way, if your homeschool needs a little boost from the winter doldrums, be sure to check out the link on my sidebar from Homeschool Connections. They're offering a great deal from now until the end of the month of December. You can log into one of their recorded American history courses and try it out FREE for the next two weeks.
It’s a masterpiece of 1970s spoken word proto-rap, that golden sunrise of hip hop, when politics and real issues dominated the content of songs rather than materialism, homophobia and sexism. It’s clever, witty, satirical and potent. Enjoy.
I have a hankering for them.
As mentioned yesterday, our next book is Me Before You by Jojo Moyes.
And as he moves the oven out the oven door will fall off, which then proceeds in to an hour-long event of trying to get it back in place.
She married a man from home whose German his family name meant “Grief.” I have a photo of him, with other men, hard and earnest in their aprons and caps, standing on the steps of the Cleveland steel works. He got slivers of metal in his hands; every night my mother picked them out. He could fight in German, Polish, Russian, but English always slipped away.
2. Stir fry minced spices until fragrant, add peanut insert, stir even.
My skin type is fairly normal with an oily t zone with large pores especially on my nose area oh and a tendancy to breakouts (Lucky me)
heart sweating through my body
1/2 c grated Parmesan cheese
As always, there’s always a place for one or more tweets.
Oh! This was fun, too: Later another of my aunts accidentally sat for a spell on a large, real rat trap near our table at a British pub (“Danger! Poison!”)
I hope you enjoyed this as much as I did. I will be sending out the card to my dad in the next week!
...for breakfast, first, and then for whatever else was on the agenda after power naps!
If you happen to have a book coming out, and want to send in an interview, please contact us. Time isn't going to allow us to request them from all the authors, but if you send them, we will post and promo for you.
The idea for my first project, and my favorite, came in the shower. (Isn't that when most of the ideas come?) My daughters love it when I make projects for them so this one was perfect.
Lets just say this situation did not help stephens confidence in my driving capabilities..
Forty-plus years ago, when I was a very little boy, my favorite possession was a Snoopy soap dish released by AVON cosmetics, circa 1966. I adored that back-floating beagle. It wasn’t just a bath toy to me; that soap dish got to see a lot more of the world than just a muggy bathroom.
A new month has arrived and it is actually my favorite month of the year. I love pink, hearts and fast things. For some reason, having 1-2 less days in a month makes it fly by. I am going to be starting a new monthly post on my blog. Goals for the month. Each month I always make some personal goals, but I never share them with anyone, so this month and the ones to follow, I am going to share them with you. Then I can look back and see what I accomplished.
The green striped paper was a piece out of my scrap bin that almost fit perfectly. I just had to trim it down a little bit to fit.
During this intense project, I had many high moments – While launching my project website (drupal). I wanted to have some workflow and automation in that and I was not able to fix that. I had sleepless nights on that. And finally one day around 5 in morning I got that one. What a delight it was! Also, while working on POC, making videos, re-sizing them, encoding them with all possible encoders, fixing their length, quality, etc. etc. But nothing was working out. And when finally I found a workaround. Wow! Again a high moment! So, I had some such experiences, wherein I have put in lot of efforts, lost sleeps over them and finally got them through. I cherish all of such wow moments. I enjoyed every intense moment I encountered during the project. The complete experience was very enriching.
"All I had to do today was buy sneakers and I didn't even have to do it and I didn't even do it." - Dave Horwitz
Each nightmare realm, each infernal prison is host to a seemingly infinite number of damned things. They writhe and bite and scratch and bleed and howl hoping that some mortal will be foolish enough to create a link between this world and theirs. Were a mortal to view this hellish-gullet, they would perceive these screeching hordes as a flowing mass of indistinguishable bodies. This belies the truth, for there are demons - if only a few - that are truly individual.*
(Photo courtesy of Norm Hall/NHLI via Getty Images)
But a girl can only eat so many doughnuts. That's why I was thrilled to see Kathy Chan's Guide to the Best Doughnuts in New York, in which she enlisted a second gullet to devour and rate a crazy number of options throughout the burroughs.
Names that simply refer to Bangla or Bengal show a thrust to create a wholly-contained identity, one that is contained within West Bengal’s territorial limits.The name Bangla or Bawngo is not new. However, it is hardly conceivable that a person’s conception of Bangla or Bengal suddenly underwent a radical transformation right after 14th August 1947 in one’s imagination of the place they imagined to be Bangla. The unfortunate illusion that the post-partition generations suffer from has the Bengal of one’s imagination stop at the international border. It is especially acute in West Bengal, which in fact is the smaller of the 2 politico-geographical segments of Bengal. Add to this the primarily Hindu name roll-call of the who’s who of Bengal’s past as taught in West Bengal. What one ends up with is a weird view of Bengal. The very-real presence of East Bengal in Satyendranath Bose’s professorship at Dhaka University, Bankim Chandra Chattyopadhyay’s deputy-collectorship at Jessore, Rabindranath Thakur’s literary productions while being stationed at Shelaidaha in Kushtia, Masterda Shurjo Sen and Pritilata Waddedar’s armed insurrection against the colonial occupation in Chattagram and myriad such events, ideas, conceptions, ownerships, get projected, very-really, imperceptibly but exclusively, onto the physical imaginary of Bengal’s western sliver. It is my suspicion that this psychological phenomenon where trans-frontier locales get uprooted from their real location but do not quite get correspondingly embedded on this side of the frontier leaving places, faces, spaces, events in a strange purgatory of cognitive inaccessibility, is a major sequelae of partition. This possibly has given rise to misshapen, constricted visions of one’s cultural past, severely restricting initiatives of cultural engagement in the present time. Trends that seek to rename West Bengal as simply Bangla or Bengal may only add to this smugness of being complete.
One can only hope!
The blood ran red to Bosworth and the high French lords went down;
Images have been colored with my copic markers and Stickles have been added to her dress, crown and veil.
It is with heady anticipation that I await that beautiful December day when I can dress my babes in their finest robes and head into the city to introduce them to the magic that is live ballet. We'll attend a matinee performance of The Nutcracker...we'll buy a program ...
Because I'm not working. I'm not in school. I haven't found someone to apprentice to. I'm still just writing, researching, planning travels to a couple places, on very limited funds...
Next, they're taking on Medicaid at the state level through the Republican governors like 2012 presidential candidate, Rick Perry, who signed into a law a piece of personal morality-laden trash requiring all women who opt for an abortion to first have a vaginal sonogram where she MUST hear the heartbeat and be told the exact size of the fetus (arms, legs, and internal organs) by the physician. This is Perry's attempt to shame women into changing their minds, to make them face the reality of their decision. What Perry doesn't realize is that every woman who ever chooses to abort, already knows the reality of what she's doing, is probably sick about it, but for reasons of her own, has chosen not bring that child into the world. And it's her body. She doesn't need further shame heaped upon her. What if the woman in question is a rape victim? What if she's dirt poor and can't even take care of herself? What if there is endangerment to her own life if she carries full term? Should she then still be subjected to such emotional blackmail and shame?
bolo bolo ponpolo
On the counter too?
depends on the individual’s purpose for reading the webpage and what they are
We are invited, naturally, to think of Proust's A la recherche du temps perdu and Knausgaard has a similar disregard for chronology, his interest lying more with microscopic details, digressions into the place and purpose of art and a desire to conquer the greatest fear/fascination of all: death. If you want plot then look elsewhere. All that really happens in this book is a teenage boy drinks and goes out with the wrong girl and, when a grown man, clears the house in which his father died (and his grandmother still lives). Having 'nigh on imbibed' Proust's masterpiece himself and spent much of his life thinking about the past Knausgaard finds himself on marriage number two with a young family and barely thinking about it at all - 'I believe the main reason for that is our children, since life with them in the here and now occupies all the space. They even squeeze out the most recent past: ask me what I did three days ago and I can't remember.' Perhaps that too is why time no longer seems like a linear journey and why this book follows a different structure. In searching for an image to illustrate this different view of time he alights on a a boat being raised in a lock - 'As time seeps in from all sides our life is essentially the same with only he details changing, and the wait is for the moment when the sluice gates open and real life moves on.'
The story opens in an auction house as the narrator attempts to purchase a violin. We are then taken back in time as the narrator recounts a chance meeting he had with a violinist of "Sold his soul to the devil" skills; a man who once owned the violin the narrator is attempting to buy. The story then spirals into another story, as the virtuoso relates a dark tale of madness and betrayal. Each layer is somehow connected to the violin, but the mysteries and identities of the players wrap the reader in knots of deception. This book is psychological and Gothic horror at its finest. It is also beautifully written.
And if time brings understanding
Soon gave me to know I had nothing to dread;
In this story, I really wanted Ondelle as a major character. She was introduced in the first book, but we don’t know much about her. The third book will reveal how Briggy and she are connected. Her life is more entwined with Brigitta’s than I let on in the first book. But I needed readers to care more about her, so they became traveling companions in book two.
“Including aviation in the existing E.U. E.T.S. should be the least-cost and most environmentally effective way forward,” Brian Pearce, the chief economist for the International Air Transport Association, wrote in an article in 2006.
3. Park, The
the Earth's core.
I read it early on, before it was a huge deal, because I idly picked up a friend’s younger brother’s copy and leafed through it, and was intrigued. The concept was interesting, the story was exciting, and though the prose is overly simple most of the time, and yes, there is way too much of that sappy love-triangle nonsense, the book actually has the plot and substance that the Twilight series, and most other series geared for this demographic, lack.
Me: I’m special, I’m a Doctor.
I’m not perfect. I’m quite often considered rude. But I won’t be mean.
Keep in mind while you are attacking the grilled meat that you need to save room for the Mercado's wonderful desserts. Their flan is the perfect texture, creamy but not gelatinous or overly eggy with a nice scoop of dule de leche; it's definitely one of the best flans in town. But the dessert to die for at the Mercado is the panqueques with dulce de leche. It's really a crepe as opposed to what we would think of a pancake, bursting with dulce de leche and bruleed on top to create a textural triptych of crunchy burnt sugar, yielding to soft crepe encasing gooey dule de leche. I may go back just for those panqueques.
One pkg (30) Leaf Stick Pins, Green and White mix
Think about what's in the snack box.
The National Parks Board has a number of events at the Singapore Botanic Gardens in conjunction with Parks Fest 2011 as mentioned in an earlier posting : Getting Close to Nature : Parks Festival 2011
The children's book world is still reeling from the death of Maurice Sendak earlier this week. There have been some wonderful tributes online, such as these illustrations from noted artists in today's New York Times. Author Amy Goldman Koss shares her thoughts in an LA Times opinion piece. And my co-authors Julie Walker Danielson and Elizabeth Bird offered typically thoughtful remarks.
Speaking of bad guys, the ones in this book are seriously dark and sly. I particularly enjoyed reading the action scenes in this story, I could picture them so vividly and it’s a good job I can handle a bit of blood and gore as there is plenty of that involved.
There are a couple of spots taken up by athletes that didn’t medal recently due to injury or other mishaps, but who otherwise are clearly in medal position. There are also a couple of spots where I did not place athletes based on age and I am waiting to see if they can bypass Father Time and continue at their recent levels.
16 Fall In Love With Me
Stella was there...
P.S – Looks like I am turning into mom now I am getting myself Christmas and birthday presents.
Prior to – because
As we currently face the worst economic collapse since the great depression that has resulted in the loss of million of jobs and the highest levels of long-term unemployment since data have been collected, we invite contributors to submit proposals that address the problems of long-term structural unemployment in the United States and world wide.
* 3 violent murders this week.
We found that the treadles had some problems.......we need to take them off, flip the piece of wood they are attached to, and re-attach them with some new hinges.
Beware of anyone or anything described as “legendary.” It is not a synonym for “famous” or “well-known.” You have to be special to be a legend.
However, we did change a few things this time, the main being the use of potty's.
where the Muses all dance naked.
Beat eggs until foamy. Add remaining ingredients and mix until smooth. Heat small skillet, spray with cooking spray. Remove the skillet from heat and pour 1/4 cup of batter, quickly turning pan to spread batter out into a thin layer. Cook until middle appears dry, then flip to cook the other side for about 30 seconds. Turn out onto wire rack. Continue to make 4 crepes.
HD: 0 - 1 - 1
The rain succeeded. Not in taming her, but when her petals closed in late October – usually a (midsummer) sign that the head is transfiguring, metamorphosing, setting seed – they chose not to reopen. She bowed her head and became silent. She’d had enough.
Some of the best dialog I’ve ever read, Dostoyevsky-like in power and impact.
8) Remember that Forever 21 allows returns for store credit or exchange, not for full refunds. I believe accessories and jewelry are final sale.
New Post Requires a New Layout – Theme Thingy…
If you haven’t tried Mekong, I’d suggest you do it, it’s worth taking a bit of a detour to get some good pho. However, you can’t go with the expectation of a recreating the experience of Vietnam in a bowl. Personally, I prefer MVNH, just a couple of doors up Swanston Street – less packed, the freshest ingredients and just as good value for money. Of course, the service is just as bad ;)
There are limits to our patience, and there are limits to our tolerance. We do not believe in divine promises as a justification for occupation and apartheid. We have left the Middle Ages behind. We laugh uneasily at those who still believe that the god of flora, fauna and the galaxies has selected one people in particular as his favourite and given it silly, stone tablets, burning bushes and a license to kill.
“Everyone they’ve ever know
I was the first to move. I simply ran, I heard my father call after me but I didn't turn around I carried on running dodging around d the birds lying in my path. All of a sudden there was a sound, not quite a rumble, not quite a growl. Then I screamed that scream I had bottled up. All manner of living creatures came scuttling, running, crawling, running and slithering up behind me the townspeople had not screamed, but simply parted like the red sea in awe to let the creatures past. They were all heading for the gates and so was I. in the crowd of animals there were mice, rats, snakes, worms, lizards, cats, insects, and so many others. Then I turned to face them and the animals rushed past, in a stampede of fear, but I stood my ground the ground shuddered violently and in front of me the road buckled and I fell over as the earth itself tried to regain control of itself. Then my head snapped upward. And the sight was incredible. The mountain was swelling at the peak. The animals continued to flash past me but I could only hear my own heart in my ears. Then the summit exploded, sending boulders flying into the air and tumbling down onto nearby houses, the mountain started to bleed molten rock and I suddenly Knew the end was hear, with that my heart tried to beat out a life time's worth of beats in one minute, then one last rock came falling down towards me, I didn't try to move I just let it's shadow grow bigger around me and closed my eyes, what happened was right it was meant to be. It is destiny.
When powerful people, respected people, and even loved family members mutter these words even the most grounded Christian can shutter. My mind raced the day I first heard this. My child a punishment? God does such a thing? and the Enemy who knows our playbook carefully and meticulously slips self doubt into your mind and you race through your mind with all your wrong doings in the past… you pull up memory after memory where you totally screwed up, sinned, shamed yourself, drank too much in college, gave way too much of yourself here in this and that way, took too much there, a little lie back then, slander here and there, oh dear…the list goes on.
Pastors address the sins of pornography, lust, greed, and other issues from the pulpit, but they never address the sin of overeating—a sin that many pastors suffer from themselves.
Still waiting for lambs. It appears that my observations were not correct. Sometimes ewes have what is called a 'false heat' and then have a proper heat about 10 days later. If that is correct, then Eirina will be the 15th and Lifa the 18th. In the meantime, Draga seems to be in labour. Isn't she huge? Last night it was below freezing so I set my alarm for every two hours to get up and check on her. She isolated herself from the rest of the flock and her bulk seems to have shifted back. She is even more enormous now, if that is possible.
When asked what words come to mind when they think about students posting to the Internet, many educators list words like danger and safety.
Origen: One thing they know which is true concerning Him; they esteemed Him a Prophet, though not understanding His greatness in respect of His being the Son of God. But the rulers feared the multitude who thought thus of Him, and were ready to fight for Him; for they could not attain to the understanding which the multitude had, seeing they thought nothing worthy concerning Him.
Have a lovely lovely Friday and an amazing weekend!
I think of Sylvia writing in her journal about going to a Ph.D in psychology, becoming a psychologist. Louise Bourgeois filling out an application to study art history in New York, to be a high school arts teacher.
Bif
for recent interviews, I have started to think about the activities surrounding the actual interview. The way I communicate, not the fact that it is by email, but the nature of the language used to discuss mundane things such as where we should meet, how we come to a decision and how we greet each other. On the whole, I am interviewing people I know and sometimes bump into in Birmingham. Occasionally, they pick up on a point we had discussed during the interview and start to elaborate on it – clearly having had the opportunity to reflect. What does this reveal and is it significant? We characterize the creative industries as being highly networked and relatively informal – is this reflected in my approach and my relationship to the sample? I am working with people I know.
It’s hard to conjure up some new profound way of commenting on this issue — I’m so tired of it being an issue at all, and I suppose I’m lucky, because I see the truth so clearly. All I know is I want my friends to be good people, and when my friends fall in love, I want them to fall in love with other good people. How can you go wrong with two people in love? If a Good boy loves a good girl, good. If a good boy loves another good boy, good. And if a good girl loves the goodness in good boys and good girls, then all you have is more goodness, and goodness has nothing to do with sexual orientation. A person who loves is a righteous person, and if someone has the ability and desire to show love to another — to someone willing to receive it, then for goodness’ sake, let them do it. Hate has no place in the equation; there is no function for it to perform. Love is love, and there will never be too much.
His first hoax, early in October of 1862, was an article about a Petrified Man found in the Nevada desert east of Virgina City. Twain describes a prospector with a wooden leg who was found turned to stone at a place called Gravelly Ford. He describes the man's position, and if any of his readers had bothered to adopt the pose – or even mentally visualise it – they would have realised immediately that Twain was joshing them. (He even signed that article "Josh") One of his main aims in writing this hoax piece was to vex an enemy of his, a man named George Sewall with whom he was feuding. And he succeeded. People generally do not expect the printed word to be an outright lie.
Herne Bay Gazette reporters drove more than 100 miles trying to follow McMahan’s case through the court system.
forty minutes to keep rock commercial free yeah
Chocolate, Strawberry and Cookies and Cream!
Well, there you have it – my Top 4 Displays of Klutziness. There are, of course, countless other stories, but these are the most memorable. I hope you enjoyed them and that you got a good laugh from them, I know I did!
“No, never,” he said and we all fell over again.
Nothing like a second wind with a tasty beer I had wanted to try. We also had three more people join us, including long lost pal of mine, Billy from Critical Mass Interactive.
In the distance, I could hear the lovely sounds of the neighbourhood children laughing and my chimes lyrically singing their sweet gentle song of summer.
What do I do now - so much has changed
Here is my card for the Featured Stamper on Sunday
I want to make sure we don't ever get too busy that we can't be thankful for the days we have.
I WILL TAG WORKING LINKS WITH THE TAG
If You Ask Me (and of course you won’t) by Betty White. I love Betty more than Ree. It’s okay, again, if you aren’t a big reader. But also it’s good if you are really busy, it has short chapters. There is a lot of humor, a lot of Betty’s voice. Again I’m a fan of Betty (my roommate and I had “Golden Girl” marathons in college) so I loved the book.
This really happened; something's in life have no explanation. It is up to you to believe or not believe. This is the magic part of life and my favorite part...
Everything at the Vigil Service was in Slavonic, and so with my conscious brain I could understand not a single word. Yet, as I left the church, I said to myself with a clear sense of conviction: This is where I belong; I have come home. Sometimes it happens — is it not curious? — that, before we have learnt anything in detail about a person, place or subject, we know with certainty: This is the person that I shall love, this is the place where I need to go, this is the subject that, above all others, I must spend my life exploring. From the moment of attending that service at St Philip’s, Buckingham Palace Road, I felt deep in my heart that I was marked out for the Orthodox Church.
"if you got the right soy that I asked you to buy, I guess"
Graham Andrew Berkeley, 37, Boston, Mass.
A year ago today we found out we were expecting our sweet girl.
However, John’s use of both the neuter form of heis along with the plural verb form of eimi (esmen, “we are”) dispels any attempt of trying to turn the Father and the Son into a single Person. John’s use of hen which is in the neuter gender, as opposed to masculine heis, clearly demonstrates that their unity is not in terms of Personhood but in respect to their essence, e.g. they are not the same Person but two distinct Persons that share the same essence fully and equally.
Our adult goat, Violet, came to us with minor bumps on one of her udders which we were told were nursing scars. Unfortunately, the bumps continued to grow over the past month and I finally accepted the fact that these bumps were not mere scar tissue. So, I called our friend Jane -- who is the original owner of the goat -- and told her that we needed an expert goat handler to come down and take a look-see at these bumps and counsel us on what to do.
Of course, I have to go back. I have to hit those closed roads or I'll never be satisfied! I hate to leave a road unexplored, especially when they show so much promise! We'll have to explore closer to home for a few years and save our pennies. Maybe I'll have that cute teardrop trailer that I dream of, and we can go off and explore the west again. Anyway, that's my plan and I'm stickin to it!
Getting soaked;
(Matthew 15:19 (NIV))
On a personal level, the moon birthday resonated with some of the more unrealistic plans I have dreamed up in my life, like the time I decided to make my husband a quilt two weeks before our wedding, even though I don’t sew, or my urge to try new complicated recipes when guests come over, even if I have never made them before.
Anyway, although the monsoons have arrived, so has the heat of “mad dogs and Englishmen” and so after walking to the cafe for breakfast, I return to my apartment turn on the AC, take a cold shower and nap until the shadows of the building cover the pool and I go for a swim and then at night perhaps walk along the beach in hopes of catching some ocean breezes.
Kristen: You suggested colour-blocking first. You win too!
Calm all the way. I need complete quiet and no people.
About an hour before cooking, remove the meat from the refrigerator to get to room temperature. Brown the meat on all sides in just enough oil to grease a skillet . Place the browned meat on a flat rack in a shallow pan. Bake at 300 degrees for 15 minutes to the pound for rare or 20 minutes to the pound for medium.
If you haven't forgotten all about us here at That Village House (due to our utter lack of attention to the blog) you may remember a few months ago I shared with you the beginnings of my dining room makeover. I first told you how I envision things with blue painters tape. Then I shared my plan of action with you.
I so wanted his letter to be all about me. For years I read his words and interpreted them as a promise that God would work everything out. Or that I'd eventually have my way. Or that things would at least make sense some day.
If you would like to make these, and don't have a sewing machine, using tacky glue or fabric glue should do the trick as well.
out came the boobies!! (More specifically, the dreaded annual squishy test otherwise known as the mammogram!) Yes, I know it saves lives - my own mother is a 21 year survivor. :) Still, the contraption scares the heebie jeebies out of me.
1) “To me if there’s an achievement to lighting and photography in a film it’s because nothing stands out, it all works as a piece. And you feel that these actors are in this situation and the audience is not thrown by a pretty picture or by bad lighting.”
Now, don't get me wrong here--I'm bragging about my Kitty, not my sketchy attempts at web-mastering; but, so, if you didn't already know, I hammered-out a daily blog covering Kitty's antics from 2004 to mid 2011. I had fun with it (((hope you can tell))) and the blog had a good run. Even today KittyBLOG holds on to the number one ranking for the Google search term; "kitty blog". As for the search term "cat blog" KittyBLOG is farther down on the list at about number 56.
Or maybe – in these days when we’re re-considering dozens of other societal institutions — it’s time to revisit the value of gravity. Has this fundamental interaction of nature lost its appeal? Do we still want to live in a universe in which objects with mass attract one another? Or is it time to shop around for other systems of physics?
The Masked Writer says, this just popped up on my yahoo news page and I thought it important enough to add to the blog, here is the story..O and for the record I am a Coke fan not a Pepsi Man.
a single moving veil in one moment
It makes my meat loaf
Carving up the Thanksgiving turkey...
Mr Jefferson appealed for all those concerned about a free and fair election to telephone or email Copeland and Manchester Council, and politely voice their concerns over this matter.
Despite this success though, there is more reason to believe that foreign managers aren’t the way forward for international sides.
I'm finally going to brew the Imperial IPA that I purchased the ingredients for, (weeks ago).
Jeans: Acne
Smothered Pork Chops
So, you see, you do see don’t you, that Friday the 13th has been an awesome day for me! I’ve gotten a lot accomplished in my effort to reaching the goals on my LIFE LIST! YEAH FOR ME!!!
Hubby: NO, it IS a big deal. We had place settings for 8; now we can only serve 7.
That they sat down,
Stay classy,
I just can’t stand the guy being around me, pretending to be nice to me, kissing me. I really hate that last part. But he does not seem to get it that we aren’t in a relationship anymore. But what is there to understand: it’s over… that’s not hard right? He even irritates me when he is not around. It’s the waiting… when will he come home, will he come home, what is his mood, how much do I have to listen to his stupid work talk. I just don’t care. He even annoys me when he sleeps. All the scratching, snoring, panting, groaning, turning in bed all the time. He also claims the blankets… well LW told me I do that too but hey… what do you want. All the time when I was laying in the middle (and that for like 3 years) they both hug the blankets. Then, for me in the middle. there wasn’t any blanket to feel, It’s like a tent over me. Well.. I can tell you, that’s cold. So I don’t blame me for being a blanket hugger because when I did not hug the blankets…. there wasn’t anything to keep me warm. But well… that’s one thing that won’t happen again because I’ve had it. We won’t be sleeping with 3 persons in a bed. Laying in the middle is bad for me, but for LW as well. Plus I just won’t lay in a bed with him anymore. I can’t sleep properly when I do. I am just laying there, waiting for things to happen. That’s not good for me. When we lay there with three, than there’s an elbow, then there’s a knee in my back. It won’t be the first time that I wake up with bruises. So there’s the choice, sleeping with me…. or sleeping with him. I guess I know the answer to that. So I guess I will be sleeping alone because otherwise he things he is just such a “sad little boy”. I have a feeling of throwing up now…
Bachmann: I plan to win Iowa, lose New
My friend Harmony sent me Niamh's handmade skirt and matching headband...and the little guy's muscle shirt ( I added the long johns underneath cuz it is still a bit chilly here). I am so impressed by her fun take on kid's clothing! And those two goofballs up there-- they gave the thumbs up as well. But that's pretty obvious from the smiles:).
That got away
No need to.
The scent of Lys Mediterranee by Frederic Malle is the fragrance that my birthday girl loves.
“Dick Cavett and Johnny Carson don’t know what to say to anybody black, unless there’s some black bitch on the show and she’s all over them,” he told me while conducting a guided tour of his unconventional but comfortable Upper West Side residence. “It’s so awkward for them, because they know all the white facial expressions, but they’re not hip to black expressions, and God knows they’re not hip to Chinese expressions. You see, they’ve seen all the white expressions, like fear, sex, revenge. White actors imitate other white actors when they express emotions, but they don’t know how black people react. Dick Cavett is quiet now when a black cat is talking to him, because he doesn’t know if the expression on his face means ‘I’m going to kick your ass,’ or if ‘right on’ means he’s going to throw a right hand punch. So,” he continued, pointing out the oddly shaped, multi-level blue tile bathtub, “rather than embarrass them and myself, I just play on those shows and tell them not to say anything to me—I have nothing to say to them anyway.”
“Thanks for coming, GB,” said George. “I’d like you to meet Inspector Pierre Cocteau, an off-duty detective from Marseille.”
She caught herself before letting go of a huge sigh of relief and just made her smile even wider.
Can I make it up to you in jewelry when next I see you? Somehow, methinks you won't say no...
As the last sausage sizzles itself into silence, it is now possible to examine the merits, if any, of the ORFU rescue extravaganza. As soon as the ORFU started extending its own life just over two weeks ago, it was pretty easy to see that there was about as much chance of the ORFU actually falling off the back of the gravy train as there was of Kate Winslet falling off the back of the Titanic only thirty minutes into the film.
Later in the day he was exhausted so I took him back home to spend some quality nap time with Odda.
If you work for yourself — and even when you work for someone else — you have to do it.
Until next time, take care of yourselves. And each other.
And the girl who delivered the speech about not becoming monsters like them and being humane needs just 5 minutes to completely change her mind and go stabbing one of them like he’s Janet Leigh.
Thus, we the people do hereby declare not only our rights, but do now establish this bill of responsibilities.
Today at his Huffington Post blog, Shapiro responds to Barham's challenge to distinguish his view from vitalism of one kind or another.
the kids were in bed.
Scrawling coats in layers
I still cant believe I haven't been home in almost a year.
It is like hybrid of Ponyo and Transformers.
Danada Equestrian Center with gardens and manicured lawns.
Fostering part of my life has kept me busy (specially my mind) with trips to the in school and out of school counselors ("ones with brains" and "an education") full of advice with the things they don't deal with or see on a daily basis, leave it there before my head starts to hurt.
“Tea towels are available if you need to dry something.”
Original Ninfa’s on Navigation
Sunset tinged.
What is special about Kweschn is that it helps me come out of my shell and share my English poems … I must confess that I have always wanted to express myself in English, but I never thought I would. And writing poems in English, you must be kidding! The fact that English isn’t my mother tongue is the biggest source of my insecurity. I still don’t feel as comfortable in writing in English as I feel in writing in Amharic. Both Amharic and English are beautiful languages to write poetry with, both are unique, and there are culture-specific words in each language that are so difficult to translate, so I sometimes prefer to just write with whichever I feel most comfortable with.
As he grew older, he spoke frankly of aging.
To Mrs Angry's amazement, this lunatic idea actually resurfaced at a recent meeting. Sadly, Brian's plan to reintroduce sign waving workmen was blocked, in unusually frank terms in the accompanying officer's report, which pointed out such a decision would be considered 'irrational'.
Luckily when I got online Sunday morning the website was working great, and the two items I lusted after were offered in the plus size line and in stock. Bonus day!
I thought of those stories now. I thought of that day, and all the days after. I thought of the afternoons spent in the grass, making pictures out of the clouds. I thought of the smell of the sea, and how it always makes me think of her, and I knew the trees were wrong. It was here. And it was today. It was wrong, but it was also right
From those deep cisterns flows.
Well they’re not to happy about this down at the Jittery Goat Café. Pukey Borden said, “I still got the dings in my car from last year when the did the road I live on.”
Insecurity
I think of the threads that run through things. I see them recently, more and more, quick and scarlet and twisty. A slim girl in a turquoise leotard places one foot before the other and twitches a stick; the ribbon cuts through the day like a razor blade losing its footing on the surface of skin. My hands and feet are clumsy here and dust gathers faster on laminate flooring. I want a place to call my own.
Pakistan’s National Assembly has unanimously passed a bill to establish an independent human rights institution (NHRI) with wide judicial powers.
He had fled Pakistan, renounced Islam, and settled in Canada. Then the authorities decided he didn’t fit the refugee “profile” and were going to deport him. As a declared apostate, he faced death if he were to be returned to his native country.
‘You don’t need to go above our heads to get things done. All you had to do was ask’.
** I love Jane Eyre so any type of retelling/adaptation is going to catch my eye. Plus there are two other books forthcoming in the series where Emma will travel into Nathaniel Hawthorne's The Scarlet Letter and Gaston Leroux's The Phantom of the Opera. Tell me you're not excited about that.
Crean reported to Indiana with no illusion about the degree of damage done there. In the flotsam and jetsam left behind, somehow he would earn back the trust of high school players, their parents, and the high school coaches over time. The humbling task of taking the floor at Memorial Hall with a modest roster of players ill-equipped to compete in the Big Ten, much less on the national stage lay just ahead. In April, 2008 the Indiana Hoosiers announced Tom Crean would be their next head coach. Tom hit the highways and byways of Indiana sitting in countless living rooms with skeptical parents, telling them why their sons would be developed as students and basketball players. Slowly, painfully, Crean began to get into the heart of 4 and 5-star players’ homes preaching the gospel of IU basketball honor and tradition, noting of the 36 seniors he coached at Marquette, every one had earned a degree!
The first coat of paint is on. Still need to paint behind the stove and fix the line on the right side of the kitchen cabinets/counter top (below picture) but I love love love it. I love my contractors (not in a love kind of way but in a THEY ARE THE BEST kind of way) They always showed up on time. Had great ideas on how to do this with my old cabinets. Along with alot of suggestions along the way. They entertained my kids by writing on the walls (with pencil, haha) they teased them and let Kyler talk for an entire WEEK or so, non stop. If you need a contractor and your in the Western Washington area, let me know.
4 minutes – United will fancy their chances here. They’ve got a good away record, which certainly doesn’t surprise me. It’s not like I’m one to be shocked by the prospect of someone playing away with 11 other men. Isn’t that right Janet, you WHORE?
Once I completed the first couple of obstacles it was all downhill from there. Literally downhill. And then back uphill, and back down. I would run as much as I could on the uphill, walk with long strides the rest, and then I would gingerly run the downhill...usually sideways. It was pretty slick in spots because of the mud and water. My goal was not do die or blow out a knee. Success!
And experiences that create memories.
After my awful experiences, I’d honestly say I’m happier being single than miserable with any of the guys I’ve when out with. But…there is always a but, I get excited at the thought of finding someone I would be willing to and is WORTH me putting time and effort into. But until that day, I’m enjoying being single and exploring life. Of course, being single does get lonely there is no denying that. There are times that single people wish they had that special someone to come home to or share things with. While you are waiting for your ideal mate, there are always friend and family who would love to spend time with you and do fun things with you.
and the coffin you gave to me.
and I wanted to keep it.
She needed something at her neck (the cut from the cartridge just has it plain) so I cut another one of the tail feathers, cuddlebugged it with the swiss dots folder, inked the edges and turned it upside down so now she has some neck feathers.
Hair bands: R27, "Lipstick" At You Spica glitter pen
I called my servant, and he came;
overcoming negativity,
The fourth joyful mystery is the Presentation, Recounted in the second chapter of Luke’s Gospel, Mary and Joseph took the infant Jesus to the Temple, in accordance with the Mosaic Law. Yet the joy of the Presentation is tempered by the encounter with Simeon: “This child is destined to cause the falling and rising of many in Israel, and to be a sign that will be spoken against, so that the thoughts of many hearts will be revealed. And a sword will pierce your own soul too.” (Luke 2:34-35) This is the first of Mary’s seven sorrows.
I knew I was on to something when I had to visit my “hometown” (Atlanta) a few days after my move. Traveling to the airport, I was a child being dragged inside from the playground. No! Don’t wanna!
I woke up this morning with so many email – work, twitter, stumbleUpon, digg, tumblr, wordpress – all of them. It made my day, one particular spam made me write this article. It is a realization, I was given an advise on how I can drive traffic into my site by going into a certain website, back links and being on top of google searches etc. I honestly appreciated it – unfortunately, she is barking on a wrong tree. You see – and I would say I am not the only one who will agree on this, why it made my day when I woke up with my social emails is – it is not fake, no force, and no special techie effort on my site traffic, and I am proud of my small group of followers. You can bawl all you like but that is my stand – I have a purpose when I created my site 4 months back, and it is still the same up to now. Yes, It Depends!
Judge Sexton said the victim was now suffering from the emotional impact of having sex with the accused, despite it being consensual.
Lately, I’ve been caught up in listening to an audio book. Until now, I’ve only ever listened to audio books as a passenger in a car, on a many-hour drive to a vacation destination. It was a great way to pass the time and the book had my full attention, more or less.
Angelina will be super pissed all the hard work she has done over the last few weeks to make her look less like an Ice-Queen and more like a working mother has been undone with Star magazine publishing some VERY saucy photos. The pics are about 10 years old and show Angelina in some bondage gear and various stages of undress.
A lot has changed since we went back to ONU for homecoming 4 years ago. For starters, little old Ada now has a McDonald's. And our drive to ONU has changed for the better: Route 30 is a real highway all the way from 71 with an exit straight to Ada. Gone are the days of being stuck behind a semi or slowing down for little towns with speed traps - what a great thing!
A great example of a graceful response to a negative experience, is the one that Conan O'Brian gave on his leaving NBC...
Top Ten Lists Of Top Ten List Lists - by Old School
Nice subtle aroma, fresh and inviting with a taste that is crisp and refreshing with a nice bright carbonation. Not as bitter as some but certainly enough to qualify as a pilsner standard but probably only just. Well balanced and a nice drop. Again, try with mild food.
Abdulbah has been remanded in custody and is claiming "diminished responsibility."
I’m so happy!!! All Mom’s hard work is paying off. The doctor said they probably won’t need to see me for another blood draw for three months. That’s 90 days! Though, I do still have to go in and get my shots updated, at least it’s not blood drawing. That sorta is not fun.
The gin bottle also includes two recipes for cocktails, but these are given in Lithuanian; I have translated them for you below.
Upon the 6-year anniversary of moving into the compound, Eli learns that his father hasn't been honest with the rest of the family. They have all come to loathe each other, but his father is the worst of all. Eli learns that his father has been using the internet; something he didn't think even existed anymore. After sneaking online for a few minutes, Eli learns the true extent of his father's deceit and he vows to get his family out of the compound... immediately.
It made me start to think about american politics, and how unhappy many Americans are at the moment with our government. When I think about Obama, I really don’t think he’s a bad guy. He clearly loves this country and ran for president hoping to do some good for it. I do feel he has done some good, but if you were to listen to his detractors you would think he has done nothing. The fact of the matter is, there has only been so much he could do, as his party didn’t have majority lead over the house and senate and like all things, change takes time to happen.
First I sketch my image. I did this on the computer and I used the pencil function in Sketchbook for it:
Surely the answer to the question must come in the form of immediate dismissals of those principally responsible for the horrors of this spring moment at Duke. Coaches of the lacrosse team, the team itself and its players, and any other agents who silenced or lied about the real nature of events at 610 Buchanan on the evening of March 13, 2006. A day that, not even in a clichéd sense, will, indeed, always live in infamy for this university.
UPCOMING SHOWCASE CALENDAR
I’d love to hear any suggestions as well.
Linda Andrews lives with her husband and three children in Phoenix, Arizona. When she announced to her family that her paranormal romance was to be published, her sister pronounce: "What else would she write? She’s never been normal." All kidding aside, writing has become a surprising passion. So just how did a scientist start to write paranormal romances? What other option is there when you’re married to romantic man and live in a haunted house?
4. Gently fold the ground almond and icing sugar mixture into the egg whites until it resembles shaving foam and falls in ribbons.
Insane Girl - 0 vs Drunken Fool - 1000 sympathy points
I'm reduced to trawling through YouTube looking for clips. Here's the trailer for one of my all-time favorite movies:
I love you like the melodies in my heart.
On April 30, C-jes Entertainment, JYJ’s agency, released the teaser poster of Junsu’s first solo album on JYJ’s official Facebook account (www.facebook.com/CJESJYJ).
san francisco waterfront,
EMIII Blog (emiiiblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
With those cliches and the fact that it’s a school anime, Hyouka’s already under some heavy scrutiny, but the episode gets a lot more interesting with the mysteries. We find out how clever Hotaro is through his rationalizations (and the great stunt he pulls with The Golden Web!). I have a feeling that with Eru around, Hotaro’s going to undergo a metamorphosis and shed his shell pretty soon into a real likeable character.
R8- sc in 2sc, 2sc in 2sc, sc in rem sc (14)
Reading this description you can picture the garden as beautiful while being functional. The Read House in Delaware has a kitchen garden that was built in the late 1800's. It's been restored and is described as:
Above: I thought when I first looked at this that it was a Chinese painting; it could so easily be! But it's not. It's Saint-Baume, a place of Christian pilgrimage in France.
I don't know if this piece has any kind of value today. Maybe the fact that the whole set is now dismantled, must decrease its value. And although such ensemble was (and still is) far from cheap, my mom paid only half of its retail value because she could get it directly from the factory where one of her friend worked back then.
Side note: I could rant for days about why I dislike Apothica, but it's basically down to their fucking ludicrous shipping prices versus excessive packaging. Back when Apothica were spamming the blogosphere with gift certificate giveaways left and right, I happened to win one. It was for $25 and I spent it on a tube of Too Faced Shadow Insurance, which I was charged over $20 to ship. Although it came within a few days, it came in a box big enough to ship three fucking university textbooks in. I was livid.
Lately I have been knitting lots of whale cat toys for our local Animal Shelter. It is now Spring season and that means it’s only a matter of time before all the shelters will be filled with lots of cute little fluffy kittens that will be cooped up in small cages all day. So I want to do my part to make their days a little less boring.
FDR: I – I don’t even know where to start. How can I make Americans believe in their government again, when we have done such a terrible job safeguarding their interests?
'Sometimes you can hear the hill humming,’ Arabella said, ‘if you listen carefully.’
and we are visiting my best friend and her pile of kids this week,
Ugh. So I had such a bad coughing fit on my way to school on Monday that I decided to take the afternoon off and go see a doctor. I went to an Urgent Care and got in right away. The doctor listened to my back and chest and felt around my upper rib cage. He said that I have bronchitis and a broken rib. He wanted to know why I didn't come in when I had the bad cough. I guess I just figured it came along with my cold. Plus, who has time to go to the doctor for a cough? I know better now! He gave me a rx for antibiotics and some cough meds. He also sent me for a chest xray. He wanted to make sure my lungs were ok and he told me that the xray probably won't pick up the fracture.
93. Make a meal from scratch together
AN ELECTION OF ISSUES
it's really fast and easy to make, and i like the firm texture and golden colors that the mandarin oranges and pineapple add to the mix (don't use fresh or frozen pineapple in gelatin, it won't set). i also love the purplish shade of the blueberries and cranberries combined. i prefer to use canned fruit that's packed in natural juices, and 7-up is all natural flavors now too. using these liquids instead of just more water adds better flavor to the jelly, i think. this recipe makes a pretty large bowl, so you can halve it.
* The report has far more unknown information than has ever previously been reported:
Ari is still bad-*ss but there’s this instance that i found her incredulous. idiotic, even. Sigh. i would like my heroine to be confident and skilled in battle, but i do not want her going into one without proper arsenal. Ari, you’re fighting a goddess (Athena, no less!), for goodness sake. The least you can do is make the capturing a little difficult. i find it rather insulting to have Athena slaughter you at her silver plate because of your stupidity.
Having said that, how is it the case that well-off Korean Americans still are not competent judges of good Korean food?
You and I must fight for our rights,
“I think I can do it.”
Anyway, I am so looking forward to watching my son play soccer, I mean run around on the field.
3rd CFL-2 Fisher Grant
pizzas. In fact, it slid quite easily into my freezer, which is a side one and therefore
Roll dough into scant 1-inch balls and roll in white granulated sugar. Bake on an ungreased baking sheet in a preheated 350-degree oven for 10 to 12 minutes.
Please click this direct link here:
-redyes and bleaching
on a stool and say to the counterman, “Apple pie, coffee.” This worked well for him until one day
Picture 11&12 Beat DK in attic 6
Persistence: NO matter how much you try, if you’re weird. you’re weird. Pick your battles, my friend. Pick them well. Be prepared to move on and try again.
I don’t suppose for one minute and by that I don’t mean a New York minute whatever that is it sounds like a steak or something no wait I think I.
You can also go into any of your favorite bookstores and request a copy of the book if they don’t carry it. You’ll need the ISBN #: 978-0-9845848-0-2
take and what not.
In 1990, a jury decided that Ford infringed on Kearns' patent, though it concluded the infringement was not deliberate. Ford had contended the patent was invalid because the windshield system contained no new concepts. But Kearns argued a new combination of parts made his invention unique.
Now I'm not a curriculum person. There's a reason for that. Stroppiness. Also, a good dose of CM and a natural preference for living books. Ouch, I've been corrected on that one before! I mean books with a strong narrative. So for the longest time I didn't really believe in curriculum.
Chocolate Malt (US) 0.500lb Grain 2.8%
we should do the same."
Yeah 3x - Chris Brown
Attributes: Agility-d4, Smarts-d10, Spirit-d12, Strength-d10, Vigor-d8
But names are really the least of our worries; the larger issue with the BCS is that it's decidedly unfair. The ranking is unfair, the choice of which team goes to which bowl is unfair, the amount of money that teams spend and receive is unfair, and the fact the college students are being exploited is unfair.
You might be a little irritated and uncomfortable with the way your life appears today, and want more changes.
Release Date : 22 Aug 2008
I’m a huge tea drinker, but I like black coffee. I don’t put cream in either one.
- 3 tbsp melted margarine
Offering an early-morning Cuppa Joe toast to the new day.
He admits to the initial disaster that was Del Posto “where something was always burning.” The restaurant took five years to evolve into the city’s first four-star Italian restaurant thanks to a 2010 re-review from Times critic Sam Sifton: “We laid it out there. Baited him, put the word out in the market to his friends. We played the game. That’s how it gets done. You can’t cheat. Either you’ve got it or you don’t. But if you want a four-star review, you’ve got to go out and tell those people that you’re a four-restaurant.”
Add some chopped button mushrooms into the mixture, though you can substitute other types of mushrooms of your choice.
Dear Anni’s Anonymous Friends,
Generally, it’s fine to just buy every color in Ciao form if it’s available. Both types are refillable and the refills cost the same as the actual Sketch marker. Each ink refill will refill your marker 7-15 times depending on which type of marker it is. There’s no need to worry about running out because the refills are much cheaper.
Of course, the Munchkin still constantly asks me where I'm going, even if I just move from the kitchen to the living room. Here. I am going right here, three feet to your left. Wave.
“They’re trying to escape.”
ABC released its semiannual FAS-FAX report for U.S. and Canadian business publications yesterday. The FAS-FAX report includes top-line circulation data for the six months ending Dec. 31, 2011, for all business publication members.
Dear Samuel,
And then the latest Pottery Barn magazine showed up, and it had their Moroccan Pendant, and I was sold! They had just sent me a 15% off coupon for PBKids, so I called and asked if they'd apply to to a PB order. The lady said no, but that she could give me 10% off, and they were running a free shipping promo too...score! Love it when everything works out like that!
The walk back up to the bus stop was grueling. As I tried to catch my breath during the ride, I took a closer look at the map and saw that there was a better route that went right to the Exploratorium…I had been so impressed with how the doorman at the hotel knew all the routes by heart that I hadn’t thought to double-check his recommendation.
Good for genre writers.
i know that's not good for any of us, but i thought i couldn't find my way around it.
Once upon a time, me and my then-fiance worked in a really great restaurant. He waited tables and I hosted. I mean it when I say we adored working there. It was one of my favorite jobs I’ve ever had. One of the reasons we loved working there were the people we worked with. We were very good friends with one of the managers – the young one who was in charge of scheduling. He was a newlywed himself, and he had honeymooned at the exact resort we had booked. I had already had my surgery for endo and was doing much better, but still had to take days off occasionally for pain. Since the schedule manager was such a good friend, I thought I could share with him my true reasons for taking off work, rather than having my fiance just tell them I had a cold or something.
When we married, and started talking about children, Jacob was at the top of our pick of names. Shortly before Lincoln arrived, we knew he wasn't Jacob. We knew he was Lincoln Daniel. Abraham Lincoln and Uncle Dan are two men that he can learn from, and follow in their footsteps. They are men who have a deeply rooted belief in a Supreme Being. By following the examples they have set, he will have the ability to make the right choices; even if he is doing it alone. By learning from them, he will become a righteous young man who loves the Lord. When we found out about Henry, we talked about the name Jacob again. It was still the top of our list (and the rest of America's list too!!!), but we knew he wasn't Jacob. We knew he was Henry Louis. By being named after incredible men who love the Lord, we know that if he becomes even half as wonderful as his Papa, and Henry B Eyring he will become a righteous young man who loves the Lord.
Welcome Back! You know what to do. Link up what you have been working on this last week. Please no spam :)
-always use reusable bags. Hubby got great cotton bags from work. UK supermarkets offer loyalty points for reusing bags
“The political foundation for the military transition strategy is pretty shaky…My fear is that the center will not hold when 2014 arrives. All this technocratic planning on transition and security handover—that whole narrative—depends on there being a political center and a government that’s unified enough, with security forces that aren’t crumbling, to prevent an ethnic-based civil war that’s even worse than the one we have right now”, Steve Coll, 22 Mar 2012
personal impressions sentiment
Omega was one of the most significant figures in Gallifreyan history. He appeared in the so-called ROO texts as later scholars on Gallifrey would call them, along with his fellows, Rassilon and the Other. According to a story later told by Omega himself, he originally had the name Peylix but adopted the name Omega in response to his teacher, Luvis who would award him the omega grade. By the time of his "death", Omega had married a Gallifreyan known as Patience
Location: after a trip from hell from Bangkok: Koh Tao
2. Ignorance causes alienation. . ..” being alienated from the life of God through the ignorance that is in them” (Eph. 4:18).
Sift flours together with baking powder, salt and spices.
1 shadow
The street sign reads St Peter's Street, and the pub is one of few places where you can find the Organic Best Bitter from the St Peter's Brewery on draft. You would suspect it after noticing that the olive oil dispensers on the tables are old St Peter's bottles.
In addition to putting emphasis on strong IPR protection (which has been sought more by EU than by the CA negotiators), the agreement also contains provisions specifically meeting the needs of CA countries. The text thus reflects the compromise reached between EU and CA negotiators.
well, at least I think the efforts of activists as Jane Burgermeister and many others (my contribution was very small – merely and mostly copying their materials) finally bear the fruits ! now even such a corrupt rotten propaganda machine as Nation finally decided to post something on the matter. truly amazing.
Qualcomm (Nasdaq:QCOM) announced pretty good earnings but fessed up to probable delays in delivering chip sets for Apples (Nasdaq:AAPL) brand spanking new G5 iPhone. The market sells off in classic knee jerk reactionary mode. Take a look at something else on Qualcomm`s balance sheet. Cash and marketable securities now clock in at around $26 Billion which equates to 25% of their market value. The cash is starting to be so big it needs to start doing some heavy lifting. So if you believe interest rates are poised to start increasing, which I do, a new strategic new source of income is about to manifest.
Just after 1pm, Col and I drove to Glengormley, to have lunch in a place where we had our second date. A place called Thunderdome cafe.
He told me I could open my eyes, and there it was. Our second copy of Flea Market Style Mag!
And I can hear something, to my far right, outside. Although it has been raining lightly on and off since the afternoon, this isn't that kind of watery sound. It is another, unmistakable sound, and it is being sounded against my up-and-over door. I had heard people walk past already, probably between pubs, but hadn't realised that their convo had stopped, and somebody had paused just outside my property. What do I do? This is a bit like a sliding doors scenario- there is a small moment where my London 'walk-away' upbringing (where you don't even look partially intimidating people in the eye, let alone approach them), flickers up inside me, and then it goes. The more overwhelming urge is to go out there, interrupt him, and move them on, and probably, I envisage, they will run away fast, perhaps laughing.
Robert is a financial advisor and registered representative at North Star Resource Group in Minneapolis. He helps motivated families and business owners identify and achieve their financial goals.
The man makes his way down the list, one by one, carving, tunneling, blasting.
Katarina Witt was born in Staaken, East Germany in 1965.
store away all
Another pile of fond memories. I found this charming collection of framed hunt scenes when I was with my mother . . . traveling through southern Alabama on one of our famous antiquing trips. Mom would sometimes pick me up from the airport in Jackson, Mississippi - and we wouldn't drive north towards our home . . . but, we'd head east to Alabama to antique shop for three of four days. The long drives in the car gave us a great chance to chat and catch-up . . . and our chatter would be punctuated with stops in Daphne or Foley, Alabama to search for antiques that neither of us needed - but, both of us found great pleasure in shopping for. As I've often said, I firmly believe there is a 'shopping gene' . . . and it runs on my Mom's side of the family.
I love traditional costumes especially Korean traditional dresses (Hanbok in Korean). I bought Gwen her first Hanbok when she was 18 months old from a Mummy who resides in Sabah.
Wouldn't it be a lot easier and much more streamlined if there were still a one stop shop?
Denmark 22%
There was only one hour left to go before the rally was due to finish at 4pm. Which Bersih protester would be crazy enough to defy discipline at such a time when the mood was so happy and harmonious?
We had a cat for several years when Chelsea was a baby named Lulu. She literally appeared on our doorstep one day. We tried to ignore her, but Chelsea instantly fell in love with her. She played with Lulu every chance she could go outside. As a matter of fact, one morning we woke up about 6 am by hearing Chelsea coming back inside the house from playing with her. (Needless to say, keyed dead-bolts were installed that day!) Since Chelsea loved her so much, we decided to keep her, but keep her outside. She ended up being the best pet we've ever had. She was fiercely protective of Chelsea and would attack anyone or anything she thought was trying to mess with her.
splash of non-dairy milk or water (use enough to help the dough come together)
4) Hopefully it’s still really hot at this point. Take a mouthfull, and gargle/swish the salt water everywhere, especially on the sore. This will hurt. Do this as long as possible. Do this until there’s no heat left in the water.
A State Department spokesperson explains lamely that the reward is meant for incriminating evidence against Mr. M that would stand up in court. The prime minister of M’s home state condemns foreign interference in his country’s internal affairs. In the midst of this imbroglio, the United States decides to release $1.18 billion in aid to the cash-strapped government of the defiant prime minister to persuade him to reopen supply lines for US and NATO forces bogged down in the hapless neighboring Islamic Republic of Afghanistan.
That was nearly months before Forest City Ratner announced a plan to build all the towers via modular construction to save money--likely lowering the number of workers and almost certainly reducing cumulative salaries and thus tax revenues. The state has performed no new recalculation.
I couldn't design
There is a great new store there too called RISD Works. They'd never heard of Zentangle. And I want to see my books there, since I am an alum and all that.
Aldridge, then managed to put the first boot in…“Other lawyers to have used the medium cleverly include Ashley Connick, a Leeds University graduate who landed a plum trainee job at one of the prestigious “magic circle” law firms partly on the back of his tweets about life as a wannabe solicitor”….and then, the coup de grâce…“…Connick has found himself increasingly short of interesting things to tweet about now his hunt for a graduate job is over.”
My heart ain't mine, my heart is yours -
Most of the time ex’s were in denial, They keep telling themselves that they never long for their ex, but you know for a fact that you are still in love with your ex and you want to win him back. I will let you decide on this matter. The answer will largely depend on you, if you are separated for reasons of money, lack of time and attention, it surely can be work out. Hence, if you separated due to cheating, I suggest do not try it again. The possibility that your partner will cheat is more likely to happen.
Not jumping because they thought they could fly. They knew
Meanwhile, melt you chocolate in the microwave or double boiler according to the directions on the package.
Dana Hannon, 29, Suffern, N.Y.
Hello and happy wednesday! Seems like the sun finally found her way to our town and I hope she´ll stay for a while. I am really in the summer mood now - and so I made a summer-ish card, sent from the sea, made for the new challenge at Whiff Of Joy. Lace and pearls is what we picked for you this time.
"You stupid boy. Do you realise that as a result five million ballot papers went out without our party's name on them? That you cost us two seats in the Assembly?"
Jewish city of Jerusalem in 70 AD and you will experience what Josephus
Take a practice dry-camping trip. You will be pleasantly surprised at how easy it can be.
To be honest, I think the wheel needs some screws tightening (don't we all) and I need to make consistent effort in making time to practice. But the other day I got a bit fed up with it all going more wrong than right (I really think I'm going to be one of those people unable to DO spinning, if indeed such people exist. Which they do now) so reverted to old faithful... my drop spindle.
ugly faces of menacing men -
with tattoos
“Once we believe in ourselves, we can risk curiosity, wonder, spontaneous delight, or any experience that reveals the human spirit“. e.e. cummings
The Roman Road ruin in the picture above was part of the eastern branch of the Via Maris through Galilee.
James Emanuel, "Sonnet For A Writer"
Oh royal scorn, shades of red
We had a lot of celery in the house thanks to a recipe so I decided to try the old food coloring & celery experiment with Dylan. I wasn't too sure how he would handle the waiting part. Then my friend, Stacey, gave me the best idea - set it up before nap time. This is exactly what we did and after nap, the results were ready.
After typing and deleting numerous first sentences for this post, I let out an audible groan of defeat.
These images may be unromantic, but they are at the very least honest. They don't pretend to be anything other than what they appear to be. The backdrop is plain, the lighting is even, and the subjects are present. It might not be much, but that's what a good portrait is all about, plain and simple.
My sister is graduating from college in a few weeks.
The incident was recalled similarly by five students, who gave their accounts independently of one another. Four of them — Friedemann, now a dentist; Phillip Maxwell, a lawyer; Thomas Buford, a retired prosecutor; and David Seed, a retired principal — spoke on the record. Another former student who witnessed the incident asked not to be named. The men have differing political affiliations, although they mostly lean Democratic. Buford volunteered for Barack Obama’s campaign in 2008. Seed, a registered independent, has served as a Republican county chairman in Michigan. All of them said that politics in no way colored their recollections.
But this time, my friend suggested I take the L because it stops exactly where I needed to go. "But I've never taken the L!" I said in a panic. Just thinking about the logistics put me in a cold sweat. Where do I catch it? Where do I park? How much is parking? How do I get a ticket for the L? Or do they use tokens? There are a million stops downtown, how do I know where I'm supposed to get off? Blue line, brown line, pink line, how do I know which line to take? What if I get mugged and someone steals my camera? Then I won't have any proof that I actually took the L and if I can't blog about it, then why bother? Thankfully, my friends are used to my insanity, so they just roll their eyes and tell me to get a grip.
TV provided fashion role models like Cathy McGowan, famous for her mod outfits, who presented the weekly chart hit show ‘Ready Steady Go.’ ‘The Avengers’ was notable for the sexy clothing worn by Diana Rigg’s character Emma Peel. ‘Nova’, ‘Honey’ and ‘Petticoat’ magazines were created to appeal to teenage girls interested in clothes, while the ‘Sunday Times’ published the first weekend colour supplement with articles on lifestyle and interior decoration.
I know of late I’ve usually posted on Tuesday’s about DD4L & PTSD however I am going to disappoint anyone who comes here just for that this week.
I wonder what kind of song it will be. Probably of the beach.
If I make it in neutral fabric colours all the kids can use it (this is a very attractive point for me as I don't particularly feel like making four of the suckers).
Math Centers:
I was on my way to poker (third, grrrrrr. 2-fucking-AM I get home, for third, with no money). I kind of forgot about it today, but after the kids were asleep, I saw the towel draped over the sink reminding me not to run water down it. Weighing the options of trying it myself and calling an after-hours plumber, poverty won out, and I went to borrow a neighbor's pipe wrench. I think we have exactly one adjustable wrench, and a set of socket wrenches that I always forget we have. (I do have "The Gator Grip," which is pretty much sufficient for all your wrenching needs, but I digress.) Anyway, we do not have a pipe wrench.
13.Elder Golden Harris / My Christian Friends In Bonds Of Love
the spirit
Vampire Bats (2005)
Editor’s note: Archbishop Rembert Weakland’s lame attempt to avoid responsibility in this matter is probably the only thing that even remotely links the Pope to this scandal.
“If last year was a tsunami for the SNP, perhaps the tide is now going out on Salmond”.
Collect 35 Solar on an drop-pod drop.
I even heard the angels declare it from above
“Why don’t you take a message back to Ischandar’s father and tell him you know down which sewer and into which doorway his son has lost himself. He’s sure to hire strong fighting men and rescue the boy from whatever trouble he’s gotten himself into. I will explain how to open the secret door to you, and the trick is simple once you know it. Just don’t do it the wrong way, that’s all I can say.”
Let’s begin this sermon with a brief review of Romans up to the twelfth chapter:
So we came here and it was a fantastic adventure and fun / scary / exciting / confusing / frustrating / fun and wonderful .. It has been almost 5 years now.
Purpose to take some steps towards making your existence meaningful. “To convert somebody, go and take them by the hand and guide them,” Thomas Aquinas (medieval scholar).
Tuesday was May Day… May 1st and it is apparently a public holiday here, so I had the day off… paid. That was nice!
We ended up sitting there for an hour while the others started to play games in the garden, and we didn’t see time go by. After a little while, I felt very close to him, his life was very far away from mine and yet I could very much understand his choices and how he was growing from it all. I felt very close to him indeed. We were interrupted in the end as we were urged to join the common game and we decided to go, and I left very energised.
Hi friends! I hope you're enjoying the guest posts! We're having a Canadian good time, but I'm popping in today to talk about every girl's least favorite subject... aging.
Finally, a Greek-Canadian friend of mine living in Israel now sent me an interesting Hareetz article, Greece, Cyprus to advance Israeli power line to Europe (h/t, Jimmy):
After leaving the store with turkey sandwiches and her father’s favorite iced tea mix, Moody felt apprehensive as she neared her house, saw the front door wide open and heard Simon and Garfunkel once again invoking the darkness that was perpetually her father’s closest companion.
Why is that a legitimate — or even legal — function of a taxpayer-funded state educational system?
Here’s a series that I’ve been long familiar with. Mobile Suit Gundam Wing was one of the Gundam installments of the 90s, and the first one I was actively aware of as an anime fan. This is, of course, thanks to Toonami. But Gundam series usually run pretty long — almost always in the area of 50 episodes, so chances of me actually seeing each episode as they aired were pretty slim back then. Inability to really follow the plot relegated the series to little more than ambient noise as I did other things, but a few key moments stuck with me. Fresh off the high of Mobile Suit Gundam 00, I decided to dive back into this relic from my highschool days.
I understand the point of view of both the restaurant and the customer in this case. I get that large groups sometimes don't tip adequately, especially not for how much work they can be for waitstaff. With good waitstaff, one large group can take up all of their time and energy for however long they stay.
Sometimes I wonder if the current popularity of Scandinavian films and television series is partly because we haven’t a clue who the actors are.
So, first I scrubbed everything down with TSP, let them bake in yesterday's hot sun, then got to work last night.
i cannot wait to buy this! my birthday is saturday and this set will be mine!! BWAHAHAHAHA! mine, all mine!!
Notes 196 and 197 were transposed in this and the Hogarth Press edition,
Yep, stupid question. A better question, of course, is who the lucky men will be, and how it will all pan out; a relatively happy ending is never in doubt. Of course, there are many twists and turns before we find the answer, and we have ample opportunity to observe the two girls and marvel at their opposing attitudes to life. Elinor's clear-headed, over-cautious approach clashes at all points with Marianne's uncompromising quest for the perfect romance...
Oh how I love this family. I could go into all the reason I love them and what they mean to us, but just suffice it to say - they are dear to us.
Why? You may ask. Well, this was the very first year in 6 1/2 years of being a married woman, that I had my very own Christmas tree…. in my own home.
Oh, yeah – that sounds like half of our fan base talking about the Cocktail Party. It’s about the destination, y’all! It doesn’t sound as good coming from that direction, does it?
“Snow!” I exclaimed to no one in particular. A half-inch of it covered the ground, and the soggy sky threatened to dump more of it. Dark clouds blanketed everything from horizon to horizon, and I knew the sunrise would be a bust. I contemplated abandoning the shoot, but I knew from experience that unpleasant conditions can yield intriguing photographs. I pulled on my warmest layers and grabbed my camera to go check things out.
Mary Jane finally gets that interview she wanted with Spider-Man (Drake Bell), and everything seems like it’s going to go off without a hitch. Too bad something’s riled up Bruce Banner, because he’s hulked out and ravaging the city. This might just be what MJ needs, however, because it certainly is the scoop of the week, and it’s all hers! But will Spidey be able to stop the Hulk from tearing up Manhattan? Find out this Sunday, May 6 on an all new ‘Ultimate Spider-Man’ on Disney XD!
We see this a ton in fantasy manuscripts but hey, it's not limited to that genre. Recently, I've seen this structure in a lot of young adult samples we've been reading.
there has only been one set of footprints in the sand.
This week I tackled a corner of the dining room. I'm working on the whole room slowly (it's almost done) and I have to post about the living room redo. Baby steps. Right now we're knee deep in swapping kids rooms - talk about an organizational nightmare!!
Adventures in Czarist Russia, or From Paris to Astrakhan (Impressions de voyage: En Russie; De Paris à Astrakan: Nouvelles impressions de voyage (1858), 1859–1862
ETFs trade on market, investors can carry out same types of trades they do with stock.
400g of thinly sliced turkey (about 1 1/4 pound)
the "3 minute LA shit" he is referring to is, back in the glory days of the LA Harsh Noise scene (which is now nonexistent), tons of artists and groups mainly in the LA area that played short, blasting, violent, sets that well, lasted only a few minutes. No complaints from me though, That's just as long as they needed to be. And man, I miss seeing a good pit to a noise show. Too bad most of those mosh kids were "just a phase"-ers and now long gone. ugh.
In the world of elite track and field, there are three basic goals: World gold, Olympic gold, and World Records. These are the achievements that most athletes would like to have before the sun sets on their careers.
John 1:1-7, 19-20, 29-34
The following illustration depicts the major types of eye movements and their significance.
As he opened the door to Smyth’s Olde Pub, the smells recalled when he’d played guitar there in a southern rock band called Boxer Ego, before he met his late wife. He figured it’d be a place he wouldn’t feel her presence.
The only hope we have as a nation, if we want to avoid Greece's fate, is voting the lefties and the RINOs out of office and replacing them with politicians willing to support the Fair Tax. You knew I'd have to throw that in at some point, didn't you?
Either way, we’ll know soon enough, right? Here's hoping because until they actually confirm/announce the identity of the actor/actress playing the new companion, rumours like this one will persist. Personally I'd be open for Sophia Myles being the next companion more than Reinette returning (and I liked Reinette). What does everyone else think?
I'm sure the Vegas charm will wear off within a matter of days, but for now I am taking in all that Sin City has to offer. Here is a peek into my lovely little day in Vegas:
But the phrase “political questions” can of course have a broader – you might be inclined to say ‘more natural’ – meaning. It might refer simply to questions with political significance, questions that are part of public debate. No one in Canada actually believes that courts should, or can, keep away from all questions “political” in this broader sense. Could Québec try to stamp out Communism? Could Parliament create a federal securities regulator? What rights should people suspected of terrorism have? Those, and countless others, are political questions in the broader sense, but there is no question that the Supreme Court was entitled to rule on them.
02. When I Hear My Name
There were women sitting around with lots of light-weight colourful plastic pots. I asked them where the water was going to arrive from and they said they were waiting for electricity. The villages have one or more large cylindrical tanks painted with pictures of goddesses, often by the roadside, about 8ft high and I’ve often seen people filling water at these. They were waiting beside one of these now. There were guys at the chai stall and the usual barrage of questions followed. There were some new ones as well. No, it’s not solar powered. Yes, you have to pedal it all the way.
Lust has taken plant in it
all my life i've been attracted to tattoos - but they are 'a no go' in my family - my first and only tat was a tramp stamp of a heart of some sorts (i don't even know what it looks like bc i never see it, and always forget about it) -- anyway i'm now looking into getting a few tatts that are meaningful in my life - to ground myself, to believe in myself, and to live freely ..
Homemade Vegetable Beef Soup
Give when you think you can’t – it’s not about what you give; it’s about the heart from which you give. If you think your need is greater look around; I’ve found there’s always someone whose problems are worse than mine.
After visiting Dad last week in Tullahoma, Betsy and I decided to swing by Rutledge Falls on our way home. We had been there a couple of years ago, but thought since we’ve had a pretty wet year that there might be more water this time. We were right.
All My Friends... is McMurtry's sixth book, but it has the easy flowing, autobiographical feel of a younger work. Our hero is Rice student and aspiring author, Danny Deck. On a spur-of-the-moment trip to Austin, Danny wakes up on a floor next to the beautiful (and super tall) Sally, and instantly falls in love with her. He steals her away from her drunken professor lover and takes her back to Houston where they decide they might as well get married. Sally doesn't really like any of Danny's friends, or even Danny, all that much, and the two of them mostly have sex and sit around silently. Things change for Danny when he finds that his first novel is going to be published, and that Hollywood is interested in making a movie version. Flush with cash, the book turns into a road trip when Sally and Danny leave behind Danny's sultry neighbor and motherly friend and head to San Francisco where their relationship falls even further apart at the same rate that Sally's pregnant belly grows. Things go down and up and down again and end up back in Texas. Because how could you not go back?
Rutger Hauer Also Says He’s Not Likely To Reprise His Role
An explosion sent three different scout groups flocking to the lower east district of the zone. There were fliers and runners and drivers pushing and shoving, trying to be the first ones there to pick up the pieces. Scavengers. Little bitch scavengers.
A supercomputer combined MRI images of the 63-year-old professor to create the three-dimensional illusion now projected on the wall. It gives the impression that the viewer could go for a stroll inside the researcher’s abdomen.
Rhode Island – 28.0 percent, 29.6 percent
From opposite ends of the country but he has the same bike as me, only a black one (and not as good.)
“She has eighty names, thirty addresses, twelve Social Security cards and is collecting veteran's benefits on four non-existing deceased husbands. And she is collecting Social Security on her cards. She's got Medicaid, getting food stamps, and she is collecting welfare under each of her names. Her tax-free cash income is over $150,000.”
“I don’t feel cheese in my bones,” he said.
Step 3: Using the pitchfork, I carefully work in a circle, prying up the bulb. Once it feels loose, I gently pull the base upward, revealing the bulb and the wild mass of roots. At this point, I will shake off the excess dirt. You may notice that your main bulb might have smaller bulbs attached. Do not separate these at this time — that task will be much easier in the spring when you replant your bulb.
Happy digging!
If you’d like a glimpse of the orange craze that is about to descend on the Netherlands, check out this amazing Nederland van Boven (the Netherlands from Above) clip.
It all started with the needlepoint stocking I made for my hubby more than 20 years ago. It was time for something new! And this started a new tradition of making stockings for beloved family members.
So, I forwarded this email to spoof@paypal.com, and received a very suspicious reply! The phishers have taken over that email address as well!
(2) Disciplinary Rule 325 (By failing to pay the Scottish FA, within three days of the above match, monies due under Rule 46(c)(1) of the Scottish FA’s Cup Competition Rules; being the Scottish FA’s levy on admission charges for the above match.)
The recovery of the Book of the Law of Moses during the reign of Josiah sparked a series of reforms that lasted through the rest of his reign:
Years ago, publishers used to grow authors. When authors reached a certain number of books in print, the publisher would have a huge marketing campaign to break the author out into the mainstream and hit the bestseller lists. That's how a lot of NYT bestsellers got there.
My girl's character has an important arc, but is her arc as important as the older boy's?
That time travel is possible
Therefore I now calculate that I shall need 384 x 4" squares.
Level 8: Reduces the damage received from the enemies by 9%.
According a CHINADaily news report, China accepted 476,264 patent applications and 830,000 trademark applications in 2005, an all time high in the past 18 years.
For everyone who doesn't understand the Aspie kid - Be patient. Remember that kids and adolescents with Aspergers are relatively immature, socially and emotionally, compared to non-Aspergers kids of the same chronological age. Imagine sending a 10 year old off to high school (even if she has a chronological age of 14), or putting a 14 year old boy behind the wheel of a car (even if he has a chronological age of 18)—or sending that 14 year old off to college or the army. We need to adjust our expectations for adolescents with Aspergers —and make sure they still have appropriate supports.
“ … until I became dissatisfied with everything, with every creed, with every dogma and belief, I was not able to find the Truth.” Krishnamurti
2) As trust develops, plan outings to determine what your platonic crush uses to substitute sex. Perhaps it’s a myth that a platonic relationship requires a substitute for sex, but it’s at least profitable to know what your potential partner is really looking for, as for many this is uncharted territory. Some of the most desirable sex substitutes in my opinion include cultural activities, travel, enlightened discussion, dance, playing music and reading together. By the way, if you aren’t convinced yet that a platonic relationship is an excellent life choice, consider how these activities can be heightened by the participation of a partner you know and trust.
That a time could ever be,
Being too hot or too cold can contribute to acne breakouts. Once the weather starts getting particularly warm, chances are, you’ll sweat more. Your pores can get clogged and your skin can get irritated from sweating. Standing sweat can cause acne. Cold weather can dry the skin. Take the necessary measures to keep your skin clean and protected.
When historians look back on the first decades of the 21st century, he writes, they may conclude that the political and economic crisis that swept over the world was the direct result of decades of resource misallocation driven by political objectives. They will look back on the drilling bans, environmental edicts which have shut down agricultural areas, the massive entitlement expansions and quests for carbon sequestration and ask: what were the political leadership thinking?
BUT....everything is going pretty good. Rodney had no problem finding a job; it helps to be well liked, a hard worker, and have contacts all over the country! We are living in North Carolina now and will be here for the next several years.
For our freeing plight.
Dhara<U+1E47>i said:
What the hell is wrong with this abortion clinic that they coerce a girl into letting them violate her with tools and perform a murder inside her own body, make her pay for it, cover up the shit they did to her and her baby, and call it “choice?”
ROM 1:26 For this cause God gave them up unto vile affections: for even their women did change the natural use into that which is against nature:
Save a Prayer
And you can't beat that.............
Cactus grandiflorus is a homeopathic remedy made from night-blooming cactus and used for pain relief during an attack.
For now there seems to be an uneasy lull as opposing forces eye each other and contemplate their next move, though with the growing discontent in Kashyyyk, Mississippi the possibility of interstellar and inter-conference war seems inevitable. Will Ed Orgeron come to the aid of his former leader? Will Weis be strangled by his own headset cord by a nubile Erin Andrews? Will Clausen start as a true freshman? Will both sides order a temporary ceasefire to throw Skip Bayless to the sarlaac?
I can't believe we're in April already - where is this year going?......soon be Christmas! Lol
Not only did I find the perfect decal for the bathroom but there is literally one for every room in the house! The prices are very affordable and shipping is super fast. I was able to put my decal up very easily because it came with clear instructions. My bathroom has rough walls and decal was able to stick to the texture and looks like a professional job. I am so pleased with how the simplistic design really makes the bathroom pop and gives it a "pulled together" look. I cannot wait to add more decal to other areas of the home-such a simple fix that changes the whole look & feel of the room!
Prepare for class
SAMPLE ANSWER: Explain the concept of specified complexity and Dembski’s explanatory filter, then explain how it applies to (i) amino acid sequencing or the double helix, OR (ii) to the sudden origin of animal phyla in the Cambrian explosion.
Contact the Library for a copy for this article.
In the natural world, 90 billion goes a long way. But as we've discovered, a $90-billion investment to subsidize renewable energy sources in the natural world does surprisingly little. This amount, allocated in 2009's American Recovery and Reinvestment Act to subsidize green energy initiatives, has thus far yielded today's bustling "renewable-energy sector" that employs roughly 140,000 Americans. And even that dismal figure is wildly inflated. Consider that according to Hans Bader of the Examiner, "most of America's existing green jobs predate the Obama administration, which did not create them."
It's so silly. Bestselling writers? They're not superheroes in the Justice League. They're individuals, like the rest of us. They all have their sorrows and troubles and periods of insecurity and depression. Being one of them wouldn't fix that about me. And yearning to be something I wasn't and can't ever be - a bestselling American urban fantasy author who goes to conventions and flies all over the world having adventures - was making me hurt myself and, more significantly, my writing. And my writing is the Number One Thing in my life that I should always protect and nuture and make time for, because so long that as I do that, I will be happy.
OK, I thought. Scam victims don't always want to share everything at the outset; hopefully Gross would change his mind. We emailed back and forth a few more times--and then, all at once, good news: Gross and his attorney had confirmed with one of the sponsors, "the trustees from Merrill Lynch," that the contest was real and he had really won it! Yippee! Oh, and by the way, would I please share Tad Williams' email address (I'd interviewed Williams a few months earlier) so he could confirm directly that Williams had really been a contest judge, and that the blurb he'd gotten from Williams was genuine?
The story flips between two perspectives which are both uniquely idiosyncratic and well developed in their own right. The stars are airship captain and escaped slave Croggon Hainey and former confederate spy and patriot Maria "Belle" Boyd. Both are something of a living legend or menace in this world depending on what side of the fence your are viewing from. Neither take crap from anyone.
“I am not a little girl. I am a robot. The door is opening. Don’t try to stop me.”
Outside a classic Swedish country-house, on a small island about one hour’s drive from Stockholm, a crowd of thousands of people gather from all over Sweden, Europe and even people flying in from other lands – all of them enduring the cold and the agonizing wait, in anticipation of the first ABBA reunion concert since the early 1980s when the group last performed together.
Yesterday: skipped church and slept in. felt great! met up with a friend for lunch and played with his adorable little girl. made super-dark chocolate brownies for our dinner and had homemade pizza!
12And he exerciseth all the power of the first beast before him, and causeth the earth and them which dwell therein to worship the first beast, whose deadly wound was healed.
All powers remain the same for primary characters, but here are some “powers” that other characters have:
Hey honey, i love you berry much, its been a super long day. i pretty much just got off and we have to wake up super early in the morning so im just going to write you this and head to bed i love you dearly avery, i think about you all the time. it feels like to me that i've been gone forever already, but i haven't. i try not to even to think about how much longer i have because it seems so far away, but we'll make it avery. i know we will. i love you avery walser i do, all the way down to my soul. you and only you, you are it for me. i love you, you're so sexy and hot its wonderful, i love it. i would love to say that i will come back the same man, but i can already tell that i wont. i love you and i hope you can love me and still love me no matter what i come back as. i love you avery, my wife, my one and only, my true love and my best friend. i love you baby to the moon and back, forever and always, im yours and i hope you stay mine, i love you and ill try and talk to you tomorrow when we get back, i love you honey. so so much and i miss you very, very bad.
Dream 1
Anyway, if the blogging slips, that’s why. If you want me, I’ll probably be in the Southwark Local History library.
My question for this week is, Was the fight worth it? I ask because when women got the right to vote, most of them (I've read) voted the way their husbands did. I don't think that is necessarily the case today, but after the pain "Missus Pankhurst" went through, don't you think we ought to take advantage of our right to vote? Why do so many stay home on voting days, especially if the weather isn't perfect? So I ask, Was it worth it?
We then made our way to the Water Garden. Gertrude Jekyll was a neighbour, living nearby in Munstead Wood, and in 1911 she was asked to design a water garden for Vann. Using a series of small pools from the larger pond, this particularly tranquil part of Vann has stepping stones, little bridges and is planted with shade loving plants. The bluebells were coming out and occasionally the whiff of Wild Garlic floated by.
Bonus Track is "Tell Me" by Femi Kuti
I am sure that the grumpiness about the Games will disappear as they approach, and people will be swept up about the enthusiasm. It will be fun. It will be great for the UK, and all the nasty swipes at the organisers not being ready will hopefully fade out as the time grows closer. At least, I hope so. Yes, it is an expense. Yes it will play havoc with the traffic. Yes yes yes there will be lots of inconveniences.
Preliminary results showed that a full 20% of Italian taxpayers will be initially flagged , much to the delight of agency director Attilio Befera. According to Befera, “We have €120 billion of tax evasion, and to cope with this emergency, we need to take emergency measures…”
Moses had just reviewed the 10 commandments with Israel and then the greatest commandment to Love God with all you have, everything! then he went on too say this is not only for you but you shall (not an option) teach them to your children.
a) 20% reduced risk
We are really so very grateful.
“What do you mean…?” Father stiffened.
I'm Ari,
Once the meat or fish balls are floating on top,
The case concerns Optus’s TV Now service, which enables Optus’s customers to request the recording of a selected television program on Optus’s servers and then view the recorded program on their mobile phone, iPad or PC, in some cases within minutes of the original broadcast. The issue was whether the service infringed copyright, or whether it was covered by the exception in the Copyright Act that allows people to record television programs to watch at a more convenient time.
We had tickets to see The Rat Pack is Back Wednesday in Peoria. My friend Ruthann and her husband also went although we didn't sit together. She is a big Frank Sinatra fan but I always loved Dean Martin with Sammy Davis Jr. a close second; I never cared for Frank Sinatra. Out of the four impersonators (Dean, Frank, Sammy and Joey Bishop), I thought Dean the most perfect but the show was worth every penny. The orchestra was filled with horns and their act was like the one the original Rat Pack did at the Sands in Las Vegas. If you're a fan of the Rat Pack, this was worth watching.
Then we were let out into the world to figure out how to fit this new "treatment" into our lives.
Anyway, I wanted to show you a few photos of the process of creating my backdrops. Suite Spot (The store that hosted) already had big set backdrops made for another event they hosted, but they were covered in a concrete like faux finish, that was going to be impossible to paint over. So, instead, I bought pieces of thin particleboard (I'm really not sure exactly what it's called) at Lowe's, and had them cut into 2'x8' pieces. I had to have each "wall" add up to 12'by 8' ,but I had to have my pieces cut into 2' divides due to the fact that they wouldn't fit into my Jeep otherwise! Kind of crazy, but it worked. After I painted them at my studio, I nailed them to the previously-made backdrops at Suite Spot.
Schwob was a one-off, but he was greatly influenced by English and American writers. He discovered Edgar Allan Poe whilst still a child, and he translated Robert Louis Stevenson’s The Dynamiter into French. He crammed a great variety of literary endeavour into his all-too-short life, and was much admired by contemporaries such as Paul Valéry and Guillaume Apollinaire.
Honest honest.
His homely Northern breast and brain
It is June 23rd and we are still in school. Still trying to move children along, still trying to keep them busy and engaged. Still trying to keep the fun in learning while still trying to teach them to negotiate, share, be empathetic, kind and caring and generally teaching them how to be good people! It is not an easy task when the school year has gone on longer than it should.
In the end, it doesn’t really matter what you say. Extending a bit of comfort, showing that you haven’t forgotten, showing that you care — those are the important things.
Did you brush your teeth?
I chose to make my circles pretty large and make the candle light brighter than real life so that we can see the cat on the floor better.
I moved from position to position trying to focus and still nothing. 30 min later I moved to the closet in my bedroom and my mind became illuminated to a simple thought.
So after all this time, I'm still here at a day shy of 38 weeks. Baby has moved head down and into birth position (though is not well engaged in the pelvis yet), and is healthy as can be or so say the tests. The last growth scan indicated a 7+ pound infant and my new doctor cheerfully informed me that if I go to 40 weeks, we may have a 9-pounder on our hands. I did not find that amusing.
from Martha Stewart
These issues are really central to my art.
Preheat oven to 350°. Lightly grease an 8 inch spring form pan (or a regular round cake pan). Line the bottom with baking paper.
Another great thing about Toreba is that you will get to change the camera while you are playing, so that you can position the claw properly. Thus giving you the entire crane game experience from the comfort of your own home. Be sure to check out the images below to see if you are interested in any of the prizes.
05. Reconsider Baby - 4:54
to me it looked like something out of a movie. something between tacky and sexy. i think in the 80's it would have been more sexy.
Secondly, is speech only free when there is a "social quality" to that speech? This Orwellian terminology might wash with Guardian readers but not with most Conservatives. Jones burned the Koran because he wanted to, not because there was some value to society in doing so (even if he believed there might be). And, like it or not, he has the freedom to do so.
State Police Lt. Paul Vance said Modisette simply secured the mare in heat to lead her back to the stable. A vet examined the horse and found only minor skin wounds. Vance said police have not received a complaint against Modisette in the past.
And I was frightened. He said, Marie,
5-Being 100 percent DEBT FREE! Financial Free and Independent! (This is so possible for the end of this year. Looks like: paying off all my Student Loans at NYU and Columbia)
Having recently read and enjoyed the first 3 books of Gail Carringer's Parasol Protectorate Books, I decided I wanted to dress as the main character Alexia Tarabotti. These books are set in an alternate Victorian London with supernatural characters and some steampunk technology.
I speak fluent sarcasm. Vanity is my favorite sin. I love myself the most.
This is what it feels like to be back at home.
So what happened? Did the woman vanish that night or the man and did the other return year after year to wander the medina looking for them? Or did they both vanish into the night aided and abetted by a mysterious third party, to start a life anew away from prying eyes? Did the past finally catch up with them or were they merely the victims of local villains? If you like your stories explained for you in the final chapter whilst the characters loll around in a cosy drawing room then think again. That was never going to happen here.
A tartan handkerchief clutched to her eyes,
Here's a pic of my (very messy!) workstation . . .
I chose the second option and like Frost's path less traveled, that made all the difference. Yes, it was a lot of work, but it was worth it.
I've learned a lot. And as I put my notebook away and Fergus celebrates his victory by producing some very special Adnams' beers that are possibly older than he is, Sam, he and I discuss the action. In the room it's 4-0 to beer with one draw - and this was not a room full of beer geeks, but a balanced audience of foodies who, if anything, might be expected to go with the wine. I'm happy because beer is the winner. But I did emphatically prefer the wine in one course, so my palate's conscience is clear.
I'm torn. Vampires + Dissection = ???
Exhibit B: So there’s this guy on the show this season with the biggest forehead ever. It’s so wide, his eyes practically live on the sides of his head, like a fish. So I’ve decided that if I went on a date with him, I’d spend the entire time trying to place myself directly in front of his field of vision. Just to see if I’d be invisible to him.
Almost as soon as we bought it, it was time to tell the builder our interior colors.
I’ve been reading, studying, watching and observing graffiti art for years by Now.
Last random bits – Tiss Cleansing oil which I’ve been wanting to try for the longest time, and somemore Aqualabel products. I’m a big fan of Aqualabel since my first purchases during my trip to Taiwan last year. I’m actually on my second bottle of the Enhancer, and this is a backup bottle! I’m also looking for cheaper alternatives to my Anessa sunscreen, and since Aqualabel and Anessa are both from the Shiseido family, I’m hoping the Perfect Protect Milk UV works just as great.
But the difference between the two remains. In social terms, this can be seen in their opposed interests: the interests of priests are generally conservative, while the interests of the oppressed are, almost by definition, revolutionary. And in psychological terms, though, we can see that the same trade-off, the same ascetic suffering-for-sense-of-power is at work, but from different directions: for the priesthood, it is a matter of seeking power and opting, as a method of so seeking, for the infliction of suffering and numbness on oneself, while for his ‘herd’, it is a matter of trying to barter some crumbs of sense-of-power for the suffering which is already imposed on them.
United Nation on ‘culture’ – According to United Nation, a culture is a set of values, attitudes, language and ways of life. Whenever layers of culture and civilization are overshadowed, man’s real nature with all its animal instinct is exposed. Everything works well, when people are humane and familiar with the basics of their culture.
Adorable dog not included.
When I first read this quotation:
Potato ........ 1 small
The pilgrimage will be led by the Ordinary of the Ordinariate, Mgr Keith Newton, and according to the Ordinariate's Facebook page, all are very warmly invited to attend.
he appeared to me.
This time I tried yet another type of pen in my stash--The Souffle Pens. I LOVE these pens and use them all the time in my Art Journals. I thought what the heck--let's try. If you have never used this type of pen i'd have to say it is more like a paint pen. It goes on very clear and changes to a chalky look after dry. If you look up close in the picture you can see that the letter's are not perfect. This IS NOT due to the pen holder--it is the type of ink and the way it comes out of the pen, which I happen to LOVE!
Prince of Peace
Pastor Max Kennedy
Sam! "The Chief's" name is Sam.
I was spared direct line of ole Tortoise in my mirror, by dint of Van Man having shoved his furious way in between us.
1- Sony Alpha DSLR-SLT-A55 Digital Camera (Includes manufacturer’s supplied accessories)
So what next? It is tempting to predict a much tougher crack-down against the liberal-spirited (with black journalists in the front row) as the full seriousness of this loss of hegemony dawns on the regime. But history is rather against that. We have, after all, had three waves of nationalism. The first was a British jingo wave. It felt supreme confidence in its hegemony at the conclusion of the Anglo-Boer War but this was rapidly disappointed when it became clear both that Afrikaner resistance had not died away and also that the voting solidarity of the Anglo-bloc was a lot weaker than Milner and Churchill had hoped. Faced with these realities by 1907 they realised that they could only prevail through another armed conflict, for which they had no appetite at all.
When we first moved into this house there was a constantly shifting population of lodgers, children and visitors, we needed lots of storage for food, pots and pans and work surfaces for prep. Cooking happened at odd times, people loafed around on sofas watching tv, arty school projects happened, Christmas decorations were made. After a few years of this, the office moved in, lodgers moved out, children grew up and the kitchen became a combined meeting room/workshop/cooking place/dining room.
Yet let us analyze these implications in their general form. Starting with an increase in extreme weather, the erosion of soils and weak rock will increase. This will cause more of the imposing landmasses to crumble into the sea leading to an even greater rise in sea level. The changes will exponentially become more and more unpredictable. A chaotic patter will emerge which can never be studied. People will panic, but the plain fact is that nature is beyond their control. Sea levels will rise, temperatures will spike, and weather will be out of control. Everything will seem to be pointing toward an inevitable apocalypse.
For the rest of his life, Brod controlled Kafka’s output. He helped shape the first editions, as well as translations. He edited the manuscripts and arranged the order of the unfinished novels. Sparingly, he helped augment later editions with deleted passages, variant pieces, and foreword information. He played the role of gatekeeper to his friend’s work. He did well by Kafka, and most of Kafka’s reputation rests on Brod’s diligence. But, Brod’s influence came at a price. His interpretation of Kafka was limited, small, and provincial. Kafka was a more complex writer than Brod. Kafka possessed a keener literary vision than Brod. Kafka was great, whereas Brod was not. Brod was aware that Kafka was an important writer, but he also knew that the better Kafka’s reputation was, the more important he was. He was trapped by his friend’s success. Without Brod, there would not be a Kafka. But Brod never really relinquished his version of Kafka, and attempted to control the output so that his vision would remain dominant.
What Wendig said is correct--it's a crap shoot either way. Some stories will rise to the top, others won't. Ever read a reeeeeeeally crap bestseller? Yeah, me too. Lots of them. There are certainly lesser known books that were much better in my opinion. There is no rhyme or reason to how these things work.
These are the hands that will work alongside yours, as together you
So, what do I have to say after mulling over my game versus Ivan?
Some Frequently Asked Questions About Stockpiling
gets to add her own special touch, too.
Romance may dip a tiny bit into the dark side of life, just for dramatic contrast, but the fundamental assumption of the nature of reality behind the Romance is the existence of the HEA, that it's real, permanent, attainable, and a final ending. You get to win.
PB: Actually, you’re kinda fail as a follower of Machiavelli. To quote The Prince:
Commanding General, U.S. Army Materiel Command (‘01-‘04)
So, after careful thinking and a lot of thought, I finally came up with my favorite idea.
HOW TO PLAY! So, do you want a chance to win Flourishes entire March Release? All you need to do is be inspired by the color palette above and use it in a creation! Once you are done, just link up over on the Flourishes Blog using the inlinkz widget and you will be in the running. You have until Friday, March 16th at 5PM EST to enter! Just click HERE for all the official details!
3:15AM: Still straight to voicemail. Contemplated how I could physically transcend my body into another dimension. Nothing.
“Distribution should logically be based on the need and affordability of the laptops for the population as a whole, and especially those in the lower income groups, ” he said, adding that the giveaways was yet another example of vote-buying and a “shocking waste of the rakyat’s money”.
These days, making the average Mac or PC do anything other than what the operating system and installed applications permit means installing even more tools to do that. You have to get a compiler or interpreter. You have to learn the operating system’s now bloated and complex API. Everything seems much harder to start. Because we have a higher expectation of what a programme does, your first efforts at writing “Hello World” to the screen aren’t going to impress anybody. They won’t even impress you.
teacher's knowledge. He could do mental arithmetic mechanically, sing
“I could not do anything,” she continued, a deep sadness hardening her features. “Your grandmother escaped with you, and hid you from the guilty fear with which he must’ve looked for you for years to come.”
10. Sunny Days - Lighthouse
then silence.
Caught in a dizzying whirl of dusty backpacks, hawker-stall cuisine and a milling mass of humanity, the Sukhothai offers a soothing urban sanctuary. Grand architectural gestures are spread over a bountiful six acres and recall the 12th-century Kingdom of Sukhothai. Think Old World temple meets contemporary luxury. Though the hotel is large, the design creates a sense of private space, so the pace is contemplative rather than harried. Every detail is conducive to reflection. Despite high-tech digital perks in the suites, the hotel still follows traditional lines, such as the near-ceremonial turning-down of the bed each night. Refresh your senses at the luxurious 25-metre infinity outdoor pool, set within a lushly landscaped tropical courtyard.
- Gathering and organizing adoption paperwork
9pm-2am
Past Conferences:
This is my second card for today. The dgi is by Krista Smith and is available at Saturated Canary. She's such a bright, fun character. I colored this with Copics. The papers are from my stash.
After she calmed down a bit, he began to drive again to avoid anyone seeing them and starting rumors beyond the ones that had already begun about the two of them.
Hope you have a great weekend. Next week I'll be hitting the pavement in freezing cold New York city looking for some fabulous things to bring home for Black & Spiro and for a couple of exciting projects I am working on. I must say I am very excited!!
The South Korean band BIGBANG won the category. Here is a picture if you're not familiar with them
This post is just to remind my self that i have to get back to my 75kg status like old time :).
Things, her love our own showing
Not sure how can the guy survive with all the freshly brew POO POO behind him. I think it's more to come... So managed to see where are the POO POO? If not don't worry, Scroll further for more POO POO
“Can he?” Jessica asked, interested in spite of herself.
What an amazing lesson! Marlita has known about the church for years...her daughter and brother were even baptized years ago...but she had always refused to receive the missionaries in her own home or to visit the church herself. She is a member of the Igreja Assembleia de Deus and even worked as an "obreira" for years (the ones who peform the blessings of healing) and always heard terrible lies about the "Mormon Church" and the Book of Mormon from her church leaders....so she never opened her heart to learn more. But lately, Marlita has been having difficulties and struggling with depression that left her softened and humble...so when Geny told her about her recent baptism and the new joy and peace that she had found in the gospel and asked if she could bring us to meet her, Marlita accepted.
i have always had a thing for anything '60's or '70's. i'm not really sure why, but you could even ask my mom about this peculiarity. in 8th grade, i wore solely clothes from this era (my mom took me to thrift stores and even asked around to her friends about clothes they may have had left over from their teenage years), and have just always appreciated the colors (oranges, mustards, avocado greens, etc) and quirky styling of this bygone era. i wasn't alive during this time, so i don't know why it appeals to me so heavily; but for some reason, it does.
De eerste blog candy zit erop en vandaag gaan we weer van start met een nieuwe blog candy. De prijs is een prachtig papierblok van Marianne Design PB7033.
Before I get to the usual "stuff" I'd like to announce that we had to say goodbye to 2 fabulous designers these last couple of weeks.
Quite why the media required of these institutions no argument in support of their case before reporting it is hard to say. Not that this stopped the possibility the DA was in fact Nazi-inspired or apartheid-motivated being evoked in the most vociferous terms and splashed across the papers.
Marvel at culinary genius and pray that your food is a) edible and b) on plate. Try not to think about the washing up. Retrieve knife and fork. To enjoy meal take meal to the place where it will be consumed, place bookstand nearby and rest book. Proceed to try not to feed your chin with food
incoherent dumbass?
I don’t have any photos for this, other than my spiral. What goes around comes around again and again. I’m always grateful for the opportunity to learn a new lesson.
~*Please note*I only ship to the Continental U.S.~
May 4 – The Rave (Milwaukee, WI) #
Devon finally gets to use the restored makeup table she has wanted in her room.
305) mum surprising me with some of the best carrot cake ever from a nearby coffee shop
“Ah! The penguins are on the beach!”
"On Oct. 16, 1916, she opened the first birth control clinic in the nation at 46 Amboy St. in Brooklyn. No fewer than 150 baby-buggy-pushing women from the Brownsville area lined up to pay a 10-cent registration fee. On October 25, policemen and, to her chagrin, a policewoman, raided her clinic. Sanger was charged with distributing birth control information and was imprisoned for 30 days."
Booties: Clarks
-Did your time working help you when you were writing?
Throughout the troubling events of the last two weeks, I have clung to the belief that Mali’s political crisis will be short-lived. Then last night I got some news that underscored the gravity of the present situation: Peace Corps is pulling its volunteers out of Mali.
I'm off then, busy making a custom order for a mushroom decoration that needs finishing.
1/2 cup milk of choice (I used skim, you can use nut/soy milk to make these vegan)
Da da da daan da, fresh fare.
Roll Me Up and Smoke Me When I Die by Willie Nelson with Snoop Dogg, Kris Kristofferson and Jamey Johnson
It's been almost 20 years and I have never been asked to host Thanksgiving dinner
Dale's tip for staying toasty in winter: Position yourself strategically and enjoy two heat sources at one time, sunshine on your front end and heat from the radiator on your rear end!
I can make two related points in Auster’s terms:
Well, what are a group of adult nerds to do about this? Are we to go silently into our middle age and regretfully pack up our Piles of Shame, resigning ourselves to a period our lives where the gaming is infrequent and mediocre? No! We must establish a plan to stake out our game time! We must requisition basements and attics for our use! Others have their ritual trips to the bar and inviolate Sunday sports sessions–why cannot we gamers have our time? So, to that end, my suggestions for how to address this issue:
he purchased the home for $4.78 million.
Whitby – as mentioned, torrential rain and gale force winds – we managed one decent day,where we went for a walk on the beach – the rest of it was spent running to and from the pub/takeaway/shops.
The delicious meal was accompanied by a superb Mont de Ventoux wine, to make for another memorable evening. We are very much looking forward to 2012 and look forward to travelling around France with you throughout the year.... Keep an eye on our calendar and book your place for our workshops and trips as early as possible as numbers are limited for greater enjoyment. Date for our next French on your Plage meeting is on February 9th with a festival of pancakes
So the answer to your question is yes, in some cases it's ok that the writing isn't as wonderful as in other manuscripts since there's such strength in the art.
When my daughter was expecting her first children, twin girls, my family gave her a baby shower. Guests were asked to bring their favorite children’s book and inscribe it to the girls. Those babies were born into their own personal library. They have their own favorites, the Mama Llama series being a big hit with them, as well as many others.
From here, everything gets insane. The stranger walks all over the townspeople, appoints the local dwarf to be sheriff, kicks people out of the hotel, and seduces any woman he wants. And that’s the least of the damage he does. (And a lot of it is darn funny.) As the film continues, viewers get glimpses of flashbacks where it seems the stranger is being whipped to death by the same people he now resides among. The entire things is very eerie, slightly ambiguous, and I kept wondering how in the heck these people didn’t recognize this man (and we never really get an answer, though I finally gathered that he’s the ex-marshall’s ghost, out for revenge). Eastwood has created a world off by itself that really sticks with you, and even haunts you. The strange sound editing adds to the atmosphere, and the cinematography also gets a thumbs up. Great movie. 9/10
(Now I really have to see if he brings something else to the table for M:I4 and Avengers. C'mon, dude, you can do eeet!)
Inside the Boxes by Jeff Strand
60g toffee
Moorman WJ, Shaw PB, Turner TW, Schrader SM. Sperm Count vs Blood Lead General Linear Model: Multiple Studies from Worksite Exposures. J Andrology 2002; (Suppl.): 40.
So, go ahead and push ahead for a playoff system. It really IS a better system of determining a national champion. And it IS a more lucrative system for the schools and everybody else involved (except for the players themselves but that’s a different topic).
The survivals left. A diminished troop. The official report stated that the expedition had been unsuccessful due to insurmountably difficult working conditions. The Cardinal was listed among those lost.
“Would I want to see it again?”
Bond prices rise when interest rates drop. Since the early 1980s, drop is exactly what interest rates have done, creating a 30 year bull market. Rates are now at historic lows. So, you have the double negative of high price and low return. As rates revert to more regular levels, though your income will continue, prices of existing bonds and funds will drop – it’s math.
Everyone did such a great job and we're really looking forward to seeing what you do with Arlana's Sketch.
Meghan (4 years 3 months): Half-way through the Clydesdale barn at Grant’s Farm, Meghan observed, “These horses really smell!” (#434)
With a casual grace
While this information was gleaned by me only in May-June 2010, I had been in Colombo in May-June 2009 as well and knew from anecdotal information provided by friends that church organizations were working in the camps from the outset (assisted by priests who were part of the population within the camps) and that UN agencies were central to their establishment. Banks, post offices and some shops had also been set up within the camps. When Kingsbury to depicted them as “concentration camps” in October 2009, therefore, I concluded that he was a simpleton who was easily misled.
“He refuses to appear anywhere with John Howard.”
Of course I been covering this "too big to fail" shit ... well ... since the start of this journal (EXAMPLE) , which was just a tad before the big bailout. On these type issue's I am more conservative than anything else, being that I was opposed to the bailout since the beginning, and the reason is clear now as to why, which I pointed out time and again throughout this journal. My method of dealing with this would have been the ole conservative value of "pulling yourself up by the bootstrap's" of course. I dont expect many American's to even grasp what is happening or why ... because most American's truely believe in the American Dream, are working and playing the game, doing the "right" thing and have a lil more integrity even than some of these folk's that screw us ... but there is still no reason to remain blind either, and again ... "following the blind, will not make you see any clearer". I spent most of my life around hustling town's, my Dad being in the casino business in Vegas, had me in Freemont St and the Strip casino's as young as 8/ 9 year's old (my Dad was a "spotter/ eye", and he knew just about every trick in the book when it came to the table's) ... I lived around uncle's as a kid and familia who were associated with wise- guy's, racketeer's in town's like Brooklyn (NYC) and Buffalo, worked and stayed in a Montreal brothel as a teen for awhile, and was around drug transporting and dealing in Texas and Mexico year's back as well etc, etc ... I seen basically more hustle's, shake- down's, and scam's than you can shake a stick at ... I may not make a "bite" right off hand, but give me awhile, and I will soon. Most American's havent lived a life like mine, so I wouldnt expect them in masses to reckonize these thing's bottom line. But too, the "dream" is ONLY what we choose to make it, we create our realities, and our miseries are no exception. It dont suprise me much that New York was the birth place of the "Occupy Movement" ... after all ... where in America is the hustle and game more seen than a city like New York, it's fast, and if you cant keep up with it, you will lose ... New Yorker's get hip (keen) quick, when it come's to their money ... no town in the nation move's like NYC, believe me ... not even LA, Chicago, or Dallas.
relevance, links, and SENIORITY (that’s right – if you have had dominance for a keyword for years, it’s darn hard for anyone tobump you from it) LinkedIn is still relatively virgin territory.
Singer asks his first question. One with I will answer, with ease I might add.
Fox News's Sean Hannity has since played the Today clip, accusing the network of intentionally increasing racial tension.
Having surveyed the development of the first few creeds of ancient Christendom, I will now make an assessment of the validity of each of them for assessing true Christianity today.
It is also known that certain genetic factors increase the harmful effects of lead poisoning in susceptible children; however, these factors are not completely understood as of 2003.
a note. i am singing about everything,
Together they worked in the garden and communed with God freely, but one day, the unthinkable happened. Under deception, but still in direct disobedience, both Adam and Eve ate of the forbidden tree. Their eyes were opened and they were ashamed of their nakedness, so they sewed together fig leaves to make loin clothes for themselves. They heard God walking in the garden and hid from him, only to be called out and questioned.
Meditation music played during the entire rub down.
Ormerud P. Tuberculosis in pregnancy and the puerperium. Thorax 2001; 56: 494-499.
"There are many reasons I don't like store-bought shampoos, deodorants, soaps, creams, and other bodycare products. Even the "natural" ones, though mostly better than your average pharmacy brands, have chemicals I'd really rather not use, and also tend to be really pricey! I decided a while ago that there must be better options, and I'm slowly but surely going DIY for all of the products I used to buy from the store."
The entry deadline is May 9, and beers must be received between April 25 and May 11.
009.073 YUSUFALI: O Prophet! strive hard against the unbelievers and the Hypocrites, and be firm against them. Their abode is Hell,- an evil refuge indeed.
Fearless.
Today I am totally straying away from the usual post but after receiving this email from my sister I felt the need to share it. It brought a tear to my eye and a smile to my face all at the same time. You may have already read it, you may have already passed it on, but if not, then enjoy and share it with others.
them when they co-operate instead of
The doctor who delivered my precious Elijah is the same docor that is going to deliver this sweet baby. That has really made it much easier because he knows our history and he remember my sweet baby. That makes me feel good because I dont feel like he is being ignored.
God does give peace, the Scriptures say so. But the Scriptures never say we should make decisions by checking our “peace-meter” to see if it is measuring high enough. “Peace-meters” are often inaccurate — God’s Word is not. Many times, when people say “God gave me peace,” they are merely taking God’s name in vain, speaking it meaninglessly, claiming some kind of God-authority for decisions that He manifestly does not approve.
"Ah, that's a mystery," he replied. "I just don't know."
I made an A6 card from a aheet of A4 folded in half. I then stamped the flower, a really old Anita's stamp, then filled in the scribbled petals in lots of small patterns with a fine liner pen. Finished with a Penny Black 'Happy Birthday' stamp.
In my humble opinion, raising your metabolism is THE holy grail of weight loss! Who wouldn’t want to be burning fat throughout the day without doing anything? So naturally I assume you are wondering how you can raise your metabolism and turn your body into a fat burning machine right?? Don’t worry; I got you covered! I will be sharing the tricks I use very shortly so make sure you are subscribed to my blog (it’s FREE!) & following me on twitter (@watchherlosew8) to get notified when this article becomes available!
Some of us are extremely comfortable with our lives… others are ok but could be better… and there are yet those who wish they could wake up from this nightmare, but no alarm sounds off! I have met people who can talk about money for hours, and what they are doing and who they work with etc. I have heard others who can talk about their diabetes medicine, or how many doctors visits they make, and how high gas, food, housing is, etc. Why is this? What determines how we occupy our time? Most people we meet are either secretly wishing to be rich or are actually openly trying to make the next dollar. I have heard many wealthy people say that poor people are lazy and don’t want to work and just make babies and don’t educate themselves etc. The list goes on, and people ask why should everyone have equal money and equal opportunity, and all that…
The family was large,
These cupcakes are great for a quick snack, to pack in a lunch or maybe for party appetizers, in mini form. They’re easy to reheat in the microwave (minus the foil liner) and keep their form from the cupcake liner.
at least for now.
I’m going to take some time to look at the little word ‘if’ and some of the if statements in the Bible. I think as I bring them up, you will find yourself realizing how many times we have ignored this little guy, yet should pay all the attention in the world. It could mean the difference of life and death, right and wrong, receiving and not.
to laugh at how you break
Tom, who has become a good friend of mine—writer’s disclaimer duly given, started out as a listener of KFAI. His participation as a volunteer at the station gained him the nickname of “Super Listener Tom” which soon became “SLT”. A few years revolved; SLT became DJ SLT with his own show. Across The Board is now in its fifth year! And Tom/DJ SLT has built a name for himself as a soundboarder at Twin Cities dance clubs.
Here are Steps 1-4 of 7 easy “how to” steps to a successful container vegetable garden. My next post will be Steps 5 – 7. Have Fun!!
Maternal doubts couldn’t compete with the newsreels. The young Grass was “a pushover for the prettified black-and-white ‘truth’ they served up" – just as British boys of his age were for our version of "truth" served up by the BBC and British Movietone News.
This was the offering which in his compassion the only Son of God would make of himself in his human nature for our sake.
Prepare your business as if it were your home.
Happy Birthday little one!!
This is what Zen Buddhism speaks of in its emphasis on non-dualism – it's not about choosing one pole over the other, but in recognising that seeing the world in terms of pairs of opposites is not a helpful viewpoint, or 'skillful means': that this is a relative choice, and that looking directly into the nature of everything, perceiving the whole interconnectedness, allows us to see that these are arbitrary distinctions that we make, and that we have a choice about whether we buy into them, or whether we choose to work to bring the poles together in ourselves and thus in the world.
Blue Sky Scrubs Lab Coat offers abundant storage for papers, pens, stethoscopes, and whatever else the busy medical and nursing professional may need with a polished look.
from the base of them and
“In Medina, Muhammad displayed impressive leadership skills,” the textbook asserts. “He fashioned an agreement that joined his own people with the Arabs and Jews of Medina as a single community. These groups accepted Muhammad as a political leader. As a religious leader, he drew many more converts, who found his message appealing.”
This is where I tell you that everything earlier in this series may have been a colossal waste of time. I spent all this time arguing for the possibility of an infinite past, but who cares about the possibility? In our actual reality, it appears that the universe in fact does not have an infinite past. This is based on our knowledge of physics, and experimental confirmations of Big Bang theory. It's based on science.
I can't believe I came home to find my car keyed
Too many memories to surmise the unknown.
Some people say that such movements are at least a step in the right direction, perhaps a way station on the path to an ethnonationalism, but they are more likely, in my opinion, to divert people away, and to trap them in a cul-de-sac.
And now here they all were, two days later, seated around the table with a witch, while their mother poured out cups of tea and smiled as graciously as if she were entertaining one of her socialite friends from their old suburb.
Include standard key words
Sayonara
is to live in victory over life’s challenges.
Bill: "My great aunt Sofia? But I heard that her money went to family. Wait a minute. How old are you?"
3) Joining Twitter was the best thing I’ve done for my writing career.
This is how my cake comes out. A patchy marbled mudcake complete with a jam swirl. Oh dear… My cake is bleeding…
Small Government or a welfare state?
And something leaves me dying,
A broad debate is taking place as political views evolve and regulatory postures soften towards the use of Schedule I drugs. Schedule I drugs are classified as having a high potential for abuse, present an unacceptable safety risk, and have no acceptable medical use. Drugs in this category typically include marijuana and psychedelics.
These are more photos from our day at the zoo. It was so cute seeing my hubby hold my son up so he could throw the fish food farther into the water. What a great daddy!
Don't forget to leave a comment on the blog to be in with a chance of winning 12 Powders and a case!
photo by steven meisel
The title says it all. I simply love these shoes. They allow me to feel the ground, help me adopt a more efficient stride whilst cushion my feet from the hard pavement pounding.
Or so I think. What say you all, dear readers?
The sacred geometry of chance
There was also a quake in Colorado that has some strange anomallies associated with it. This being that even though this quake was reported in the Denver Post, NY Times, Huff Post, and other local papers, it has been de-listed from the USGS.gov site.
We are planning a home-birth, so this should be the first true “native” of Merrymeeting. Korin is tired, but we are still in the usual routine and she is still teaching. All of the appointments show everything going very well, and she has passed the 37 week mark so the baby is officially at full term. Lyndi is excited to be a big sister, and we have the front room all set for the new arrival. Her and Mav are looking forward to the new addition to the family!
8. Proof of ownership of property 18
Michael Cimino never achieved again anything close to Name Your Link">The Deer Hunter in his career, nor does he ever have to. His film left an indelible mark on the minds of those who saw and those who continue to discover it. While the film will be remembered for it’s terrifying roulette scenes and for Walken’s stunning performance. It will also be known for bringing Meryl Streep to the forefront of the movie world and being the last work of John Cazale who was in some of the most pivotal movies of the decade. It was the sad and last word on a horrific time in American history. The film is not a perfect film, but all of it’s aspects together from the story and the emotions it draws on to the acting to it’s most beautifully haunting musical score, it’s a movie that couldn’t be made any better.
Her therapist met her on the stairs and walked in with her. This was an informal hearing or more of a review, but it was still going to make decisions for her life none the less. She sat by her lawyer and waited for the judge to come into the room and take his seat at the head of the large conference table. Her husband Jeff was sitting across from her on the other side.
“But most published work is about the health effects on users,” she said. “There is very little there about secondhand exposure.”
I'll dream paisley colored thoughts until the light show in the sky nudges me awake...an electrical parade just for me....
Nonetheless, you can end up with a J.D. in law and have little or no knowledge of the Admiralty Laws used by the insiders.
HERO posts big blind of $5.00
It's always a bit difficult to say goodbye to the bustling city life, but I happily rode my bicycle around Marugame and breathed the clean, crisp country air. Those small trips I often take are quite vital, and re-energize me in a way that I cannot explain. Lots of time spent alone in long bus rides and getting lost in a strange city is to me the best way to get re-acquainted with myself, and to never forget about my dreams.
when he asks for a fish?
Don’t find me again, please
And now, you have some fun ideas to keep you busy this winter, and a cute clipboard to make you happy!
I used anchovies and shrimp heads. You can use anything as long as they are from the ocean.
Alright all you dog lovers out there, and I know there’s plenty of you, here’s one you’ve been waiting for. Allie Larkin’s novel, Stay, is the perfect read for pet fans and book lovers alike. People magazine called it a “feel good debut!” Grab your four-legged friend and curl up with this one, it’s a winner!
I made Rice Chex Treats when we were visiting my parents over Labor Day. My dad wanted to make Rice Krispies Treats for David . . . and then remembered that Rice Krispies are not gluten free. Luckly the small town grocery store stocked the new Gluten Free Rice Chex cereal and we decided to try that as a substitute.
Total: $10.75 for 6 sandwiches!
Middle English ypocrisie, from Anglo-French, from Late Latin hypocrisis, from Greek hypokrisis act of playing a part on the stage, hypocrisy, from hypokrinesthai to answer, act on the stage, from hypo- + krinein to decide
Starbase 10 was the fantasy/gaming shop specializing in Star Trek which occupied the building before the previous owners and Active Imagination, where all these guys met and still hang out. The owner of Starbase 10, the first to establish that as a gaming store many years ago, was my husband's squire in the SCA before he was knighted, and one morning he was here in a GREAT full costume, having stopped on his way somewhere else to show me his new Romanian hurdy-gurdy, when Joe and his brother came downstairs. "Do you want to see a hurdy gurdy??" I asked enthusiastically.
Hope Harris – Down In The Valley
We unload our green and red fold-up chairs and sit down for a brew. Danny smokes his catch directly in the fire – a tiger trout! It is too delicious, and I tell the fish thank you for the great dinner.
disrupted the unmagicked design.
It will be a beautiful day. We promise lots of litter, gorgeous trees and subject-appropriate humour.
well, first 2 year milestones . . .
Sierra Nevada Chico Estate Hop Harvest
P.P.
Captions for The New Yorker cartoon featured below are due TOMORROW before midnight.
If the men only started going bald when they were 30 or 40, there was no difference in their risk of developing prostate cancer compared to the healthy group. Read more>>
Sorry it's not like I'm the queen of the gods or something
Hmm, I guess at that age you dont have a car backseat
A feature-length documentary about our urgent national need for school choice, “The Cartel” shows us our failing educational system like we’ve never seen it before.
Mitsumune, who participated in the filming in Tokyo, Osaka, and Tokushima in mid-April, commented, “After I started living by myself, I first realized the importance and value of my parents. Through this movie, I hope that people will come to realize the importance of their family.”
On this day in 1935, pitcher Tom Qualters was born.
So do not fear, for I am with you; do not be dismayed, for I am your God. I will strengthen you and help you; I will uphold you with my
Winner: Magic Rock/Dark Star - Rock Star
Probably the biggest change accompanying the new name is that every gallery stroll is now an art scavenger hunt with the possibility of winning prizes. In the past, only one gallery stroll a year was a scavenger hunt. This month, participants who visit most of the galleries and identify selected art works will be entered to win a Kindle. And of course, attendees who don’t want to do the scavenger hunt can still stroll from gallery to gallery.
In massage therapy school, I was told to use “Universal Precautions“, and that is what I will leave with you today. I was taught in school that in using Universal Precautions, I would not assume which clients had a contagious disease, or herpes, HIV or AIDS. I was taught to use precautions that would protect me whenever I worked on any client. For some, that meant gloves, for some it was constant hand washing.
All the bands like ran late so we were coming up on almost 10:30 and HU still wasn’t playing. This concerned me quite a bit cause usually venues make the show stop at 11 but I guess since this place was up in the middle of the woods it didn’t count.
Now I think I’ll do some crotchetting. Relax my mind and at the same time think about how to continue my story. I think better when my hands have something to do.
i am wearing...
Where did you get your writing knowledge from? Courses, books, blogs...? Or are you lucky enough to have been born with that knowledge.
“First Contact,” Murray Leinster, 1945 – Two ships meet in space, one “alien,” one human. Both seek to obtain the other’s technology, and neither can afford to let the other to follow it home—can they find a non-violent solution to the problem? “The story ends with each crew taking over the other’s ship. Naturally, before leaving their own ship they are able to remove everything which might point back to their home world. Each stands to benefit from the new technology on the other’s ship. Each keeps the other race’s fiction library to gain insight into their thinking. They agree to repeat the encounter at the same location some time in the future.” (Wikipedia)
Kick back, relax and grab a cold one - i'm hoping to make this more of a photo blog of adventures and experiences to come.
ps: the first one to tell me I am beautiful will be expelled. the first one who gets it wins my love. virtual and platonic, for a minute,
It’s her, keepin’ me up all night again
It has 68 choromosones whereas the modern horse has only 66 chromosomes. It also has faint striping on its legs which is a sign that it is a more ancient species. Scientists believe that it and the modern horse diverged from each other some 160,000 years ago.
That's about as close as I can find given the time restrictions I have. Yes, it was during the day, the dream setting that is, although I was dreamin' at night.
The soft dirt path was easy on the feet but the tunnel of trees seemed to go on endlessly as far as Derrek could see both ways. Once Naida had been convinced that he was going to behave and follow at a good pace she let go of his arm and let him trot behind her. They walked briskly, but in such a way that it didn’t really feel any more strenuous than a leisurely stroll. Derrek could tell just from her tall sturdy build she was no stranger to walking, and he was suddenly glad he was no stranger to it himself.
We never pause to wonder at our feasts
Well, those of us who didn't get held over to work a double got to go home, anyway. We are critically short of staff and some of the directives coming down are making that even worse.
Spring Barrel at the new NHV tasting room went well. With the tons of things that had to be done prior to opening, the NHV team was running on fumes. I apologize for not posting anything for a while, but that was the reason. It was ironic that in our attempt to create a wonderful relaxing place for people to enjoy and get away from it all, we were having so little peace ourselves. All that changed when we opened. The sound of laughter and happy people enjoying each other’s company all around the property made it all worthwhile. We would like to thank everybody who came out last weekend!
Powder the biscuits until super fine. Whip the cream to soft peaks, add condensed milk & vanilla and whip till firm peaks form.Layer them in individual bowl and refrigerate overnight *.
Most importantly, it is primordial, as the bottom of the ocean, the depths of outer space, or the watery womb.
And if you have never heard of Ninotchka and the title has you bewildered in terms of pronunciation, no worries. By the end of the picture you too will be shouting “Ninotchka, Ninotchka, Ninotchka!” and possibly asking your significant other to “salute”.
They have gifted you with $100 with which to place bets. You do not have the option of pocketing the money.
If you are arriving here from FRESHLY PRESSED – A Huge thank you and Welcome. I would be so grateful if you would follow me as storytelling and travel are my livelihood and if we share this passion you will have a blast here.
Since things can be hustly and bustly, I thought I’d ask the staff to share what they do for their “quiet times” with the Lord–those devotional moments where we focus our minds and hearts, looking inward and outward for God’s presence. As I expected, these devotional styles are as varied as the staff’s personalities:
As you all know it's Friday which means Friday Follow in the Blog World. Last week there were over 300 people who participated in this event! Amazing.
Crazy for Christmas (Not for Children) ... LMN ... 6 PM
Our of a possible 210 I scored Patrick Troughton's Doctor 128/210. Giving the Second Doctor, Mr. Patrick Troughton an average score of 60/100. My top three Troughton Stories are:
In September 2008, the patent office contacted Reid and asked him to repay one of the refunds issued to him, he said in his guilty plea. Reid did so, paying back nearly $7,000.
Last but ... well, least, is the RIVER HORSE LAGER. I don't mean to crap on this beer, but when are brewers going to realize that there is really only so much you can do with lagers.
“Ask of Him: My Lord! Increase me in knowledge.”
Dante Hicks (Brian O’Halloran) is a clerk at the Quick Stop, a local convenience store in Leonardo, New Jersey. On his day off, his boss calls him in to cover a few hours for another employee who is sick. Arriving at the store, the security shutters are jammed closed, so Dante hangs a blanket over them with a message in shoe polish: “I assure you; we’re open.”
Like a Closeout Sale
Characters like Jed are modelled the Malcontent characters from Jacobean Revenge plays. He vents his anger about the world: “Bomb em, again and again and again, right through their silver screen. Disrupt the spectacle, the obscene parade. Bring it to a halt. Scatter the dolly girls, let advertisements bleed. Bomb em, again and again. Murderous display, an entertainment for the oppressed...”
This week I'm going to be focused on making some very different things. But I always like to have stuff for the kiddies.
For example, one particular country comes to mind.
Background – Double laid filling (Over dyed floss 1030 and Kreinik 5555)
Hunks of bread were consumed.
Disclosure: This book is part of my personal collection and I read it for personal entertainment and as a book club selection.
I heard a 14 year old is the new face of Miu Miu...OKAY? Whats the logic in that? Choosing a female who is still in puberty, how can a young girl relate to women. Miu Miu is disgustingly expensive for normal folk like me, but it doesn't hurt that much looking at the items and wishing so badly I own them :(
I really wanted to try a card that had some movement as I have not made one before so here it is and it was really easy. To make this part of the card you need a brad, a base for the design part that moves, and for mine I needed 2 pieces that are the width of the card with the top piece having a cut out for the brad and pop dots or other dimensional adhesive.
Doesn't this documentary on Charles and Ray Eames look brilliant? I still haven't seen the Bill Cunningham documentary yet so I think these two would make a pretty nice double-bill. Watched back to back for optimum inspiration explosions.
The first questioner asks “Was it the case when you were writing Riddley Walker that you were in analysis and you would take along chapters to read aloud?”
“attempts to structure it like a human memory. Memories are not recalled in neat chronological order; instead, they are recalled by the association of one thing with another, which means that any attempt to put memory on film cannot be told like a conventional narrative. The film is thus made up of a series of related sequences whose scenes are interspersed between each other”
In retrospect I also see that she was wanting me to do things that would "make it all ok." It started with- if I could have magically fixed it so that the dolphins could have splashed her, if I could promise her that next time we went to the zoo she'd get splashed, if we could come back tomorrow so that she'd get splashed then, if, if, if, if!!! When I could not make her dolphin experience any different then it was, those "ifs" morphed into- if I bought more tickets, if I bought more ice cream, if we went on all the rides again, THEN things would be fine....
Hanging onto the edge till it’s over
"Other things may change us, but we start and end with family."
Rampant materialism and the emergence of organized psychopaths and sociopaths, who flourish in this environment, are oppressing and abusing humanity, until it reaches its breaking point. The cultures of the world are being soaked in a belladonna/nightshade nightmare. Ugly things from the depth of the cosmic ooze, are surfacing like creatures from a Lovecraft novel. Those on the cutting edge of exposing these energies, conspiracies and environments, are being pounded by both visible and invisible means. It’s a hard road for those on the forefront but there is no other road that is acceptable.
The characteristic of this Dynamic Architecture is its “green” qualities in that the skyscraper rotates due to it being wind-powered. The project has been looked most closely at in Dubai, the city of the excess and unbelievable. The wind turbines which would be placed between each floor would make the skyscraper an environmentally positive construction, generating a large excess of power to put back into the energy grid. Each turbine has the peak ability to produce around 0.2 megawatt hours of electricity. Given Dubai has an average of 4000 hours of wind annually, with an average wind speed of 16 km/h, the turbines are estimated to produce around 1,200,000 kilowatt-hours of energy per year. Four of the 48 turbines in the building will be enough to power the entire tower, leaving the other 44 to provide surplus energy back into Dubai’s power grid.
Irony alert: Health care hatred could lead Boehner, McConnell and their cadres into a Pyrrhic victory now just as passage of the reform bill was a turning point in the President's downfall.
I know this group of ladies through their writing, their openness to share struggles, and their willingness to share advice. I have always believed that the way we have gotten to know each other is the best. We have a picture of each others hearts and that is so important. I have a feeling that we will not be pulling out our measuring tapes or pointing out any of our downfalls, failings, or even measuring our accomplishments against each other. Instead, we will just be in fellowship, sharing, and encouraging each other. I can already see that there will be plenty of laughter!
Real headline: Wear Your Pajamas All Day?
Hope your weekend is everything you wish it to be.
Horseback is the brainchild of guitarist, vocalist, and producer Jenks Miller, and across previous releases he has shown not only the capability but the imaginative and inspiring skill of bringing as mentioned an array of flavours and styles across the metal genres into creations which leave a lasting and deep impression. Half Blood is no different, its stunning and impressive chapters bringing a maelstrom of drone, psychedelic rock, doom, black metal, post-rock and more into a layered and textured trial for the ear and journey for the emotions. It is not a release that holds your hand from the start and leads you easily into its midst though neither is it cold or hard to climb on board with, but it asks for and requires a continued union and persistent interaction for its full and striking rewards to come forth.
Option 1:
I started to hear about more than good dances, but also about healing dancers.
A lot has happened in my life since we talked last. I ended up buying myself a brand new house and payed it off completely. Things are going quite well in the life of big old mister bragon. I banked what was left of the six digits and quit my job, I think my intern will take my place. I will probably have to hold his hand for awhile but I feel like he's got the potential to handle it. Anyways..... I plan on going back to school and open up my own fancy restaurant. I am not a very good cook but I find it very enjoyable and I would enjoy owning a restaurant. Maybe I will wait a few years... As always thank you for stopping by and I will get around to catching up with the blogging community some time in the next few weeks.
Then we see Julia going up to the attic to fantasize about the one time she had sex with Larry’s brother Frank, who was the guy from the opening. Yup, the movie’s focal character is a lady who continually fantasizes about screwing her husband’s brother – isn’t that just charming? I don’t even think it was an ongoing affair – the movie makes it seem like it was just one time that they had sex, and she just never got over it. What a sad sap.
However, the five outfits for Monday to Friday must centre around 10 items and that includes shoes and boots.
Domonique
Happy St. Patrick's Day!
Something struck me in the National Statistics Office's definition of family:
You could die very, very early. You could have a heart attack, diabetes, stroke or Cancer.
it has been a hostelry continuously from day one, and at one time would
9:23: I require Bluebird to re-do her worksheet in neat handwriting and then go upstairs because I thought I heard Monkeyboy. I stand outside his door for a minute and hear nothing, so I go back downstairs to resume Penguin's math lesson.
During my talk, I touched on how some unschooling newbies are looking for guarantees. "Do unschoolers go to college?" many ask. My personal question back in my own newbie days was "What if I ruin their lives?????" (Who's a drama queen, me? Naaah.) The answer to my question was, "What if you leave your kids in school and that ruins their lives?" My answer to the college question is, "Do high school kids go to college?" Some do, some don't. Unschooling is no different and offers no guarantees (except that your kids will know a lot more about what they want and enjoy than your average high school grad).
I had some of the Black Star Vulcan. It's made with rye. Nice flavor.
Large numbers of Khitans and Malgals were allowed into Balhae and the Koreans became an ethnic minority in their own country in less than a hundred years.
procedure to hopefully fix it,
You have been nominated—
I went to the Lynaugh prison yesterday. So missed attending the 4 day Kairos event we had planned so hard for. At the prison I shared something I had read when I was in prison over 30 years ago. It was a poem that I no longer know word for word, but the message still remains with me. The poem told of a man driving along and noticing a group of workers busy tearing down a building. He stops and talks with the foreman of the group, who tells him, “In a minute or two, I can tear down what others took years to do”. When I first heard this decades ago it had an impact on me, for the truth is it is much easier to tear down than it is to build up.
My boys, my young men who were as close as brothers, all around me. We whispered as we passed each other.
Him: "What? I don't know." And he continues to pull off the long underwear.
Holy day, loving love
A few weeks ago I wrote a post about George R.R. Martin’s A Game of Thrones. I had really enjoyed the HBO series and was pleased to find that the book was even better leaving me eager to pick up the next installment in the Song of Ice and Fire series. It took me longer than I would have liked, but I was finally able to read A Clash of Kings and it did not disappoint. This second book picks up right where the first left off with the Seven Kingdoms of Westeros fractured and stuck in a tug-of-war between five different self-proclaimed kings; of course by the end that number is diminished.
~ Raymond Carver
Add the nearly one thousand Dewey lawyers who have been watching quietly at the unfolding public relations nightmare since Davis’s bizarre interview. As Dewey’s publicity machine pumps out celebrity saviors of the moment, each has drawn more unwanted attention to the firm’s plight than the last. Martin Bienenstock’s appearance in the Times along with the proffered “pre-packaged bankruptcy” option is the latest example.
When contacted, NTU registrar Chan Kwong Lok said NTU has informed the MRT operators about its upcoming exams from April 20 to May 4.
NOT THROWING INTERCEPTIONS!
Example: Dwayne Jarrett scores a touchdown. You (aka me), to anyone willing to listen: “Do you want to change your name to Jarrett Junior? The kids can call you Jarre-Ju!”
out of this because I’ve never considered myself a “romance” writer. To me, romance writers focus on that HEA (Happily Ever After) ending; and if you’ve followed me for any length of time (or read any of my published short stories), you know that circumstance is pretty much an unplanned accident in my normal writings.
I, by the way, am on my way to California for two weeks of work, plus a little vacation at the end. I’m leaving home for a homecoming. I’m too excited for words, but right now I just want to get on that plane, because it is waaay past my bedtime.
* Heat the oil, fry cumin seed until fragrant, add in onion, green chili and ginger, cook until light brown.
DESCRIPTIONS AND TIMES OF WORKSHOPS
Throughout the day my boys go through so many ranges of emotion. They laugh, cry, leap for joy and do it all over again. They express their likes and dislikes and do not stiffle their emotions. They lay it all on the line whether we like it or not. If Aiden is hungry and wants a PB& J he doesn't care if we have a to-do list a mile long. His hunger doesn't have a pause button. If Ehric has something to say or if he is curious about something he is going to ask. If only we were all so intune to ourselves the way children are...what a different world would we live in.
However, it was the perfect makings of a nightmare to me.
For eight long years the United States was ruled by a president many Americans couldn’t stand, who came to office having lost the popular vote, and who displayed a tragic readiness to violate the law in both domestic and foreign policy (remember illegal wiretaps of U.S. citizens, “enhanced interrogation techniques,” covert torture centers, the Valerie Plame leak, and the preemptive use of force?). Yet whatever we thought of his administration’s policies and his actions, we usually didn’t consider his presidency illegitimate, because it was backed up by our government’s core institutions. My compatriots, many of whom were highly critical of the way he ruled, seldom questioned his right to rule.
These trees, also of the frailejon variety, grew quite tall on one side of the hill and short on the other side due to the direction of the winds around the mountains stunting their growth.
St. Valentine designed by Jenny Hoffman stitched on 28ct. linen over 1 thread so the stitching is tiny. I've also primitively stitched around all edges. Measures 5 x 4 inches and is $20.00 which includes shipping.
I smile even wider; this woman always knows what to say to me!
Thursday......Dan working in Morris and came home Thursday night. I took Gavin to the doctor and was told he had strep throat. He wasn't able to keep his 1st dose of prescription down. And continued to throw up all day.
Not one of those men did not understand what they were doing, this was not some half-hearted insincere apology like our Politicians do.
2009-04-01 Bloemfontein - The brutal ‘muti-related murders’ of two Free State farmers at Vierfontein in Viljoenskroon were deplored by the commercial farmers body Free State Agriculture president Louw Steytler, who ‘strongly condemned the cowardly and gross manner of the murders. I urge farmers to get involved in Free State Agriculture's rural safety plan," he said in a statement.
We finished our lunch, I paid the bill, and we said our goodbyes. I told him that I wished I could do more for him. "Son, you did more for me today than anyone has ever done for me in all my years on the street," he said. "Most people just walk away when I ask them for help. Some look the other way and pretend not to notice me, others just shake their heads and walk on by. But you didn't walk away, and I thank you for that. I thank you for that." And with that, we went our separate ways.
It's a fake holiday, but it looks like it is going to be a big party.
6. 2 Inch Party Decor
Sibling rivalry leads Romulus to slay his brother and become the first king and founder of the city of Rome.
Director Gordon Douglas made a lot of so-so films but he had it in him to produce something of real quality when the conditions were right. Rio Conchos is among his best movies (and Only the Valiant is another little dark gem tucked away in his filmography) due largely to the tough and cynical script and an uncompromising performance by Richard Boone. To Douglas’ credit, the action scenes are extremely well staged and, along with cameraman Joe MacDonald, he really makes the most of the rugged Utah locations. Still, it’s Boone that carries it all along, playing a mere shell of a man subsisting on hatred and bitterness. His craggy, lived-in features were ideal for westerns, from his iconic Paladin in TV’s Have Gun – Will Travel to a couple of memorable appearances as the villain in two John Wayne pictures, to name just a few. I’ve seen it written that his performance is a bit one note, but I don’t think that’s being entirely fair. One sequence in particular has him showing two vastly different sides to his character within minutes. I’m referring to the scene where the travellers come upon a burned out house containing what one assumes is a tortured and/or violated woman, moaning in agony on her deathbed, while her infant lies neglected in a cot alongside. We can see a series of emotions playing across Boone’s face, but the predominant one is a deep hurt as the terrible vision obviously brings back memories of the fate of his own wife and child. As he puts the woman out of her misery he is close to breaking down totally, the mask of toughness slipping momentarily in the now deserted room. When the raiding party returns to harry the trapped men though, Boone reverts to type almost instantaneously. There is something terrible in his primal joy, the gales of malicious laughter he expels when watching a downed Apache burning to death before his eyes. It could be argued that Lassiter undergoes a change of heart as the quest progresses, seeing that the army mission has some worth in itself that supersedes his own desire for vengeance. Again, I don’t read it that way. The confrontation with Rodriguez seems to me not so much a realization that there are higher issues at stake but more a necessary way of ensuring that his own ambitions are not thwarted.
I'm looking for a student or recent graduate interested in textiles and the ins and outs of running a small business must be able to sew (using an industrial sewing machine) and great attention to details
So, I'd love to hear from all of you what you think. Enjoy!!
Do fans idolise their objects of affection too much sometimes? And if so, where to draw the line?
Piece of Kitchen Roll
Place a row of fingers in the bottom of your chosen dish
About the artist
In July 1968, he gave notice that he intended to resign from the Army at the end of the year. This was not the customary 7 months’ notice required of senior officers, but was accepted accepted with effect 1 October 1968.
really bummed that I forgot my camera and my phone camera doesn't take great quality photos,
download the tickets :)
07 - La Simple (2:21)
*1 year life span (daily use)
She had caught me off guard.
The homophobes have struck a temporary victory in the ass-backwards state of North Carolina. For gay couples and families, it will be a struggle for them as it was for other minority groups in the past had to fight tooth and nail to obtain their civil rights.
Mary is a natural born medic – deft and gentle. A Menthol Patch on both wrists. Ice block chopped into manageable pieces with one of my knives and then bound to my hands with rags. She promised to come back early the next morning to check on me.
The place didn’t make much of an impression. As a small kid, you are usually in the moment and don’t care what you’re doing as long as you get some attention.
Later in her life cycle, Dren resembles a human crossed with a bird. Throughout, she appears mute, tittering like a Mogwai, though her chirruping coos are undercut by her unblinking intensity and darting. She’s not as sympathetic as the creation in Frankenstein, but she’s unnervingly compelling in her way.
One year, whilst digging around behind the shower doors, what did I find but a complete set of ‘uppers”. Did someone seriously fail to notice that their dental appliance had sprung forth from their mouth and clattered onto the concrete floor? And if they had noticed, why did they not fetch them at once and return them to their rightful place? Why the heck would leave your teeth in the shower doors…by some miracle did they abruptly grow a whole new set of teeth and the uppers were no longer a necessity? Did some would be consumer decide to test the quality of the metal on the door frame by biting it, only to be snatched up and eaten in retaliation by the shower door, which in turn regurgitated the indigestible teeth?
Dominique Ansel Bakery
“It is the next big scandal waiting to happen. It’s an issue that crosses party lines and has tainted our politics for too long, an issue that exposes the far-too-cosy relationship between politics, government, business and money.
Once upon a time trees ruled the earth and is one of the reason why life is still on earth
Food Zone: selling local, organic & homegrown food and drinks. Café-bar and gallery. Designated Picnic Area.
The next 30 years were generally good years for the City, Tammany Hall, Hell’s kitchen and the McManus club. The City’s economy expanded rapidly as trusts headquartered in New York expanded their hegemony over the national economy, and manufacturing in such new industries as ready to wear garments, ship and aircraft building, telephones and radio expanded. The city’s population rapidly expanded as Italian and Jewish immigrants joined the German and Irish of a previous generation, as did Blacks coming up from the South to Harlem. In the beginning of the 20th century Irish Street gangs such as Gophers, the Hudson Duster’s and the Whayyo still had considerable influence and in the case of the Gophers became notorious for attacking policemen, stealing their uniforms and staging day light hold ups of the New York Central Trains traveling down eleventh Avenue. In 1910, the New York Central hired a minor army of private detectives to carry out a series of largely successful raids to destroy the Gophers and end the hold ups. By the time of the first World War, many of the young men of the neighborhood who in earlier times might have been part of the gangs went with the American Expeditionary force to France where they fought honorably as part of “the Fighting 69th” where the chaplain was Father Duffy who would later be assigned to Holy Cross Church.
The MOST ethnic? Damn, that's a hard one, being Italian American it would be a cop out to post something Italian, and living in a Hispanic community any of those dishes would be a cop out too...I guess it would have to be Chicken Tikka Masala. I don't like curry, but I do like other Indian dishes, and this is one I can get into!
The ballet they were dancing at the Staatsoper tonight was called Onegin. I went in on a lark. Based on Puschkin, music by Tchaikovsky, okay, whatever. One standing room ticket: € 4.
Shannon looks around and tells the operator the intersecting streets.
Robin was on good form. We drank and smoked and talked about all sorts of stuff, it was delightful.
The fist, a standard deviation of space.
"We do have about 50 Belgian beers in 75 cl bottles, as these are
The cop said she told Tina M. Boggess, a Holiday Inn Travel employee, to remove her shoes while she was in the holding area.
“I do allow myself a quip or two once the case is closed,” she admitted, with what came perilously close to a twinkle in the sparkling green eyes framed beneath perfectly arched brows.
We have numerous further examples of concessions handed out to cronies of virgin forest areas and protected areas. These areas should at the very least have been sensitively logged with the proper taxes on the profit going back to the State of Sabah.
This one had strawberries, cherries, kiwi fruit, apple, orange, apricots, peaches, nectarines, mango, fresh pineapple and banana. All organic. The bowl here is the after shot of when four servings have been taken – it’s a big bowl!
okay I will stop talking.. I get carried away... haha
These pictures are on the older side, but since my husband FILLED the memory card in our camera with videos on our nieces birthday ( Along with about five million pictures. Sheeeesh. ) I still have to clean out the card before I can even take pictures of the garden in it’s current condition. So here’s a LONG overdue update. ( Sorry! )
I'm playing a gig next Saturday. Now this is a big thing for me, I don't play many gigs, probably because I don't promote myself enough but also I'm not sure my material is mainstream bookable stuff... my wife was commenting on an ad we recently saw for a band looking for work - her comment was "Why would people see them they are just a covers band?" is an interesting one. Put simply, if you play original music few are really interested in listening, let alone paying to hear it... if you bang out Mustang Sally etc. regularly you can probably earn a half decent second income from it. Anyways - I'm playing a festival... headlined by a Pink Floyd tribute band (see previous comment!).
'Today while waiting in line at Gamestop, I overheard the cashier and another customer chatting about how Poke'mon was for kids and anyone who's into it over 10 is weird...I put my Poke'mon game back on hte shelf and snuck out of the store'.
But in case you are still searching for the perfect sweet potato casserole recipe, I've got one for you. If you're looking for a healthy version, you can skip this post and head over to Cassie's blog where she has a tasty, good-for-you sweet potato recipe. I got this recipe from my grandma, who cooks the absolute best southern food ever (I'm talking gumbo, chicken and dumplings, and banana pudding), so her sweet potato casserole isn't light on the butter (or sugar).
As I have set out at great length elsewhere, the primary aim for most Leftist activists and intellectuals (though not for most Leftist followers) is to get acclaim for themselves. That is a perfectly normal human motivation but one that is pursued by Leftists more or less to the exclusion of all else. But how do you get acclaim? The surest way by far is to adopt as one's own whatever it is that the population already acclaims and become a great champion of that. If people generally think it is unquestionable that blacks and Jews are inferior and need to be kept down then a Leftist will become a vigorous advocate of keeping blacks and Jews down. And Leftists did just that in the early 20th century. Up until World War II Harvard had an excellent relationship with the Hitler regime, for instance and Hitler in turn took American eugenic policies as a model for his own. But if certain world horrors take place (WWII) which cause people to change their views and see tolerance is a virtue above all else then Leftists will immediately become great preachers of tolerance. And that too has now happened.
When do you let your heart rule your head?
It's a great feeling, and I have many homes here on earth that I can come home to. My brothers' houses, my sister's house, my church, or my in-laws have become homes away from home, but nothing compared to the home I have with my wife and kids. The chance to relax and laugh with my family, or lounge and play a game or watch a movie.
Um, a grandpa was photographing his grandson.
You are dying for a beer, glass of wine, or heck, at this point you'd settle for a big swig of mouthwash or cough syrup to get a small taste of alcohol. Your food aversions to chicken or any other white meat are becoming a serious issue for planning healthy meals for the rest of your family and your cravings for sweets and junk aren't helping the household diet either. You've got a summer to look forward to without bathing suits or trips to the beach or lake. It will likely be excruciatingly hot when you are VERY pregnant and still excrutiatingly hot when you have a newborn lovebug snuggled sleepily on you all day long. Mason's kicks are becoming more intense and are sometimes downright uncomfortable and I anticipate some of the jabs I'm now experiencing in my ribs will in the next weeks become simply painful.
Not much new going on around here.
"Mr. Martin (the MTV guru-in-charge) has recruited what he calls “insurgents,” young Chevrolet employees who are willing to change things from the inside and report to him on skeptical executives." What a great idea! An internal Gestapo ratting out non-compliant employees. The Cultural Revolution comes to Detroit.
13. He wears more sunblock than I do. And he's black. And I'm not. Hmmm.
Sabbath rest.
But if we fear God, he motivates us, and the effect of his motivation will be that we obey him more. As a result we take our sin more seriously, loving the cross more and wanting to sin less.
Our understanding and our attitude toward God can change. But one thing for sure, we cannot change God. If changes are to be made, they must be made in us. God does not change. He cannot get better. He does not need to improve. No such weakness exists in God. His perfection makes Him worthy of our praise.
You know, I thought it would be easier - or less constricting - if I had the option to pick one of the above subjects rather than work through the list in order, but that's really not the case. I keep reading through the topics, hoping that one of them will inspire something - anything - for me to write about. It's just not happening.
What you are is He
We still have our two Golden Retrievers, Duke and Ellie, our Basset Hound Sorsha, along with Tiffany’s dog Butter, and my mom’s dog Teddy. With five dogs, things can get a little chaotic. Last weekend we were trying to figure out why different sections of our pre-lit, 12 ft, Christmas tree were occasionally going out and then magically starting up again. Finally we realized that the Basset Hound, Sorsha, was hiding out under the tree and brushing up against the plugs.
This is the sixth time.
The snow melting, I hate how it leaves white marks on my brown leather boots.
There you have it. Hope you like the schedule I've finally come up with. I'm looking forward to celebrating all that's YA with our new YATT badge. I can't wait to see what you all come up with!
That doesn't spell doom.
There may not be a strong coherence to this post, but I've had a lot on my mind this week and as a father of a daughter who is a junior in high school and looking at career choices to help her make her way in this world as she will be enrolled full-time in college during her senior year of high school. I'm just considering the country we live in, where it's headed, and what my daughter's life may be like in the future as she doesn't expect to be given life, liberty, and happiness, but instead exercises her unalienable rights of Life, Liberty, and the pursuit of Happiness...
Well I’ve used Random.org and it has chosen a winner
Of course dealing with the government policies is solar PV biggest obstacle to overcome. According to a article by Barbara Harriss-White, Sunali Rohra, and Nigel Singh, ”In India, energy was nationalised before and during the Emergency in the 1970s. It is a state responsibility under the more or less formal direction of the central government. Like agriculture, energy is a “policy theme” scattered throughout many state bodies, and organised differently in different states. Each state also has a range of public corporations and development agencies concerned with energy and/or with renewable energy, though state electricity boards have no interests in off-grid technology. As in agriculture, direct participation is inextricably entangled with those of parametric regulation. The political architecture of solar energy has formidable coordination costs.” Some of the major actors in this advocacy campaign are, Clinton Global Initiative and The Energy and Resources Institute’s (TERI) campaign with Tata BP. These groups work tirelessly to use information politics and leverage politics to help promote the purchase of and use of solar technology in India. TERI specifically used information politics in order to enlighten India on the growing problem of climate change and its environmental affects, “TERI is paradigmatic, headed by the Nobel Laureate, Rajendra Pachauri. TERI evolved from being a Tata-funded institute to a multi-sourced one. Working with 800 staff on ‘every aspect of sustainable development’, it produced some 218 publications in 2007-08 of which four were explicitly on solar energy.”
Thage would kill me if I didn’t mention the Tsididi Ice Sculpture and the cake which is made of Philadelphia cheese icing and the chocolate sponge, layered with caramel, sandwiched chocolate brownie and covered with chocolate butter cream icing. I think that’s a mouthful about the cake and I only have three words for that Sculpture, Beauty, Creativity, and a definite Masterpiece. I’m still wondering how such a thing was done though, maybe I should consider visiting the Tsididi headquarters soon enough.
The City of Austin was incorporated in 1839, but didn’t get a City Hall until 1858. Why the delay? Maybe those early Austinites had been too busy decimating the buffalo and native populations to bother putting up a municipal building. Maybe Mirabeau Lamar, President of the Republic of Texas, let the Council meet in his barn. We just don’t know at this point.
“I hope not”, Cassie said. “I don’t want to go on dates anyway!”
It's a puzzling opener for a magazine-style outlet that claims to offer "perspective and information outside the clamour". Rather, it's an all-too-familiar approach to arts reporting: controversy-led, polarising, reductive and blandly conservative.
First, he sees what's at stake:
4. Do not use clarifying hair care products on your tresses more than one time per week. They can strip hair of moisture and essential oils.
The rest of you probably knew that already, but when I was grumbling about doing it in the first place and swearing at the lead that kept getting stuck around the end of the ironing board, it wasn't the most mind-freeing thing in the world.
that that original whispered aside
Now for some inspiration from the team...first of all a huge thanks to Donna, our guest designer this month.
The fabled Rover 218i is very slowly manoeuvred to the pump, making sure that the filler cap is on the correct side, this despite the fact that there is an available pump not 7 foot away and the hose will happily reach the other side of the car. The driver will then get out, peer myopically at the choice of diesel, diesel or unleaded, ponder which one he needs before selecting the appropriate juice.
Then comes the Obliviously Evil. This character is interesting in that according to THEIR moral compass, they are in the right. Most people have a good grasp of what is good and what is evil, though there is a large gray area in between. The Obliviously Evil skew those beliefs and what the majority population believes as good and evil may not necessarily be so in their minds. They plan, they act, they formulate ideas - all based on their own moral code that, in their mind, is the right thing to do based on what they mean to accomplish.
(May 10) Thirty one dolphins were found dead in the Crimean Peninsula in Southern Ukraine. The majority of the dolphins have visible wounds on their body, some of them have damaged or missing fins.
Well, I’d better get dressed and ready to go outside this morning. We have to move one of the log racks inside the garage – they’re delivering some firewood today. We’ve used a lot in the workshop so far this winter! But it sure keeps the workshop warm and toasty when the fire’s going in the little stove!
“It was not only power I obtained in the halls of the Black Gallery. This cube is a potent relic, a Gambit’s Doorway.”
"I Am Your": Computer generated -- I used the corner of a square punch to get the banner notch on the end
A four pound chicken should probably take at least an hour and fifteen minutes. A bigger bird will take closer to an hour and a half or more. What you'll find though is that it's hard to overcook a chicken using this method, so it's safe to err on the side of "well done". To be sure it's done, stick a quick read thermometer in the breast (160 degrees), and the thigh (180 degrees). Once you hit those targets, you're good to go, regardless of how long it took you to get there.
The night is cold against my skin. The sound of silence but howls in my ears. What have I left but than to edge my way slowly over to the top of the summit?
There are several ways of transferring heat from one place to another. Today I will be focussing on conduction between two solids, or bodies. Conduction can be described as a way to transfer energy within and between bodies of matter. These bodies of matter, or just your body, are made up of tiny particles that vibrate more and more as you heat them. Think of it as reaching for an object which you didn’t know was hot. You immediately let go and wave your hand in misery. These particles also wave, or vibrate, and pass this motion on to other particles they collide with. So heat tends to move towards a colder area, because the particles play tag from one end to the other.
Let’s get back to the exterior….. Originally, the entire house was painted gray. I wanted to brighten it up and make it look more like a cottage in the Hamptons. I fell in love with the idea of painting the house white and the trim black… what a beautiful, dramatic contrast it turned out to be! The exterior lanterns came from The Federalist and can hold up to the outdoor elements, which need to be considered in a beach environment. The gutters and downspouts are copper and I can’t wait until they patina with age!
1. The only tricky part to this endeavour is making the basket. Be sure your watermelon has a flat bottom so it will be able to stand freely and is as blemish free as possible. Begin by using a pairing knife to score the portions that are going to be cut away. You will be removing the top half of the watermelon on the outer edges. Basically, from halfway up the watermelon to the top will be completely removed except for about 3 inches in the middle for the handle.
They couldn't (wouldn't) tell me how it's made, but it's their same hot cocoa, served over ice. And you get about 10 more ounces than you do with the hot portion, which is utterly ridiculous.
But if: when the bible says but and then if we are going a totally different direction. We say in our hearts the master is delaying his return. Just a side note the return of the Lord is imminent 1 day with the Lord is as 1000 years the end of Revelation 1:3 says the return of the Lord is near. In the Greek that is imminent in eternity with no time and space it is just as near now as it was when that was written.
It's not a record for a bright, sunny summer August day. For a chilly, windswept January winterscape, or blustery, rainy fall day with the onset of a brutal winter on the horizon, it's perfect. And while some songs individually are standouts, it's a record best enjoyed as a piece.
You are very resilient souls and it seems remarkable to us that you have such a strong sense of survival. Your experiences have been very challenging yet you somehow see your way through. It is that which makes you very respected and admired, as that quality will see you put those experiences to good use when you work with evolving Beings. It is usual for ascended souls like you will shortly be, to seek opportunities to serve others. There are always new civilisations coming along, and the creators never cease bringing more into being. No one quite knows how many there are, and Space with its endless dimensions is teeming with life that goes on into infinity. Indeed the Supreme Creator is forever dreaming new life forms into existence, and these will follow a similar path of evolution to your own.
James Mitchell - baritone saxophone
Yeah, right …
The Golden Compass is wonderfully inventive. Just as a side note, I also greatly admired the movie, with its cool steampunk look. Lyra is a great heroine, you just love Pantalaimon, and you get very attached to many of the other characters. Full of action and suspense, The Golden Compass is a great book.
Kraft Macaroni and Cheese. Come on, name someone who doesn't enjoy this food? It's a childhood staple and still beloved by many adults. However, the generic brands aren't the same- you need to have the name brand stuff.
Wallpaper and fabric purveyor, Thibaut, has launched a lovely line of American-made furniture. I'm excited about it because the entire line has a classic, timeless aesthetic and from what I've read about the construction, the quality is top-notch. I also like that each piece can be customized in countless ways, so the sky is the limit in terms of style direction and color palette. Finally, Thibaut promises fast delivery. It's rare to see a 3-4 week lead time with custom furniture, so that's definitely a plus.
I heard his children cryin'
My cookies were a bit of an adventure, and almost a complete failure! I was close to tears on the Friday before the party, thinking I was going to go to Wegmans and buy 5 dozen cookies. Thankfully I gave it another shot on Saturday (day of the party) and found my error. A 1/2 cup of butter is ONE stick NOT two. I don't know what I was thinking? I ended up with 40 useless, cranberry orange shortbread cookies. It was a definite face-palm moment, which ended with a lot of flour on my face...
Wynkoop Brewing Company McKenzie Milkstout
Anyway, I still have my EffortlessCool Twitter and InstaGram, so here’s a few snippets of what I’ve been showcasing there (also because I’ve had no one to help me take outfit photos in weeks).
Last, to help motivate Charlie, I gave him a mini notebook where he could earn 3 stickers during each "session." He could earn them for: using his best handwriting, reading his very best, and overall always doing his best. We then set goals: when he earned 15 stickers he could go get a special treat and when he earned those stickers we set another goal. Positive reinforcement is SO important when helping a child learn and be successful.
So, what to do about it?
And, like a recent IDC survey, Gartner found Apple is now number three in the cellphone market as a whole.
Wait 90 days before calling him/her your girlfriend
For young men, it's a picture of a lady with a nice derriere but only the most observant will notice that she is crossing a street.
We see a related trope in The Prestige (2006), Christopher Nolan’s mind-bending film which may or may not involve a machine that makes copies of people, or people who simply learn very skillfully to disguise themselves as one another. Which is it? The film pushes indeterminacy to the limit, as doubles proliferate. Pairs, series, lines, solids of reflections and refractions.
K: Yes, 200 who had no link to Hamas. All the rest had a clear tie to Hamas. And each of the cases in which those 200 were killed must be checked. Those 200 are, of course, 200 too many. That doesn’t mean that we shouldn’t have carried out the operations of Cast Lead as we did. But it does mean that if there’s a Cast Lead II, we’ll have to use approaches that mean there won’t be the 200 – that there’ll be the fewer the better.
A few weeks ago Samuel woke from his nap not quite himself. He went to nap at 11:30am and woke at 2:30pm with some extra issues.
I really do love Godiva.... but I love GDA more. That is saying a lot!
He growled, ”But MY manhood is proven.”
Two fair warnings. First, do not try to implement this element into your trading too soon. You really need to be at the Stage 3 and get steady and confident at it before you try to move to Stage 4. No jumping over steps. Contrarian approach of this kind requires a lot of experience and perfect self-control.
Spanning the years from 1998 through 2011, the book offers a collection of twenty-one essays and speeches. I immediately recognized the first essay, “Pain Won’t Kill You,” which was his 2011 commencement address to Kenyan College graduates. Another one I recognized was “The Greatest Family Ever Storied,” which was originally published in The New York Times in 2010 (and whose title, coincidentally, I spent forever trying to recall about a month ago).
Here’s the problem, America; we created the “terrorist” threat, whether real or imagined. It was our doing. These groups don’t exist because we have freedoms that they hate. They exist because we made them. How? By conquering nation after nation. By deposing democratically elected leader after democratically elected leader that happened not to agree with us. We created them by sapping the rest of the world dry. It’s a wonder the world at large HATES America; we are the Evil Empire, we just refuse to believe it because it hurts to think that, not only are our hands soaked in the blood of the innocent, but that we are bathing in their blood. And now, we’re not just content with hurting the innocent in foreign countries. Now, we are bringing it home. Now, we’re bringing it to your bus stops, your highways, your airports, and, one day, your homes.
Genetically modified organisms and genetically engineered seeds, plants and foods have been making their way into the very fabric of our lives since the early 1990's and continue to do so. Mainly because we just didn't know about them. This biotechnology was slipped under our radar of general awareness because a small group of people deemed that we didn't 'need' to know. That as consumers we weren't interested in knowing these things. So a few people get to decide what information is needed and what is not?
Midfield
Despite these achievements in toning down the official Air Force doctrine of “mutually assured destruction” (MAD), few at RAND were pleased by Wohlstetter’s eminence. Bernard Brodie had always resented his influence and was forever plotting to bring him down. Still, Wohlstetter was popular compared to Herman Kahn. All the nuclear strategists were irritated by Kahn who, ultimately, left RAND and created his own think tank, the Hudson Institute, with a million-dollar grant from the Rockefeller Foundation.
But seriously Wells & Youngs, WHAT IS THIS BULL CRAP ABOUT NOT SELLING IT IN THE UK UNTIL NEXT YEAR?! Get it sorted! I want to be drinking this at Christmas!
I was the first?!?! How?!?! All I could think was how impossible that is. She must have just missed them running in. It was hard to tell who was who when they ran past the finish line. How could the boyfriend end up behind me? I didn’t see him, and I kept my eyes open for him the whole time.
Clearly Charlie Whiting is still unhappy that the engine is being used for aerodynamic advantage, he has brought in a restriction on the maps being changed after qualifying. I asked the teams what has been introduced. McLaren told me “same engine map from Q1 until the start of the race”. A fact also confirmed by Lotus and Renault. Therefore no specific engine maps are being banned, merely the teams have to make the judgement call, on whether they can run the first stint on an aggressive map or qualify on a softer map.
Over the past several years Blue Foundation has expanded their audience, embracing both the underground and the alternative mainstream. Along with the “Twilight” saga and “Miami Vice,” Blue Foundation's music has been featured on various TV series, including "The O.C.," "So You Think You Can Dance," "CSI:Miami," and "The Cleveland Show."
Sadly the stories therein are a reflection of a U.K. plunging ever deeper into insanity, and ultimately self destruction.
This was all fine and dandy until she started using my car as a scientific petri dish of disgustingness. Did you know that French fries don’t really deteriorate? They just sit.
As usual, everyone attacked the challenge from a variety of directions. There was the obligatory and totally inappropriate handjob reference:
Lame entry, I know but an entry none the less.
What do I put on my sell sheet?
2.) Circular texts
And here comes the language issue: since between 1.5 and 1.8 billion people speak English as their first or second language, we can easily gather that more than 4 billion people all over the world don't understand English.
Joe Stewart
For purposes of their own, powerful special interest groups desperately seek to keep substantive discussion of the Holocaust story taboo. One of the ways they do this is by purposely mischaracterizing revisionist scholars as “deniers.” But the truth can’t be suppressed forever: There is a very real and growing controversy about what actually happened to Europe’s Jews during World War II.
Elli Fisher has never thought she was good enough. Let it be her job, her weight, her love life, nothing, she was convinced she couldn’t do anything right. She had walked through life for the past six years in a daze, never thinking that life could be good again after the abuse she endured from her ex boyfriend. She is lonely, sad, and depressed, that is until she meets Shea Adler. After doing a promotional shoot for the NHL team, the Nashville Assassins, she meets the hunky hockey player who shoots a puck, shattering her world.
Anyway onto a card that I whipped up this morning. I am a bit low on male boy cards in my stock so thought I ought to remedy that.
Miss Olivia and I took a break from our crocheting this morning to make a softie to contribute to Christy's fabulous 'Softies for Smiles' drive.
GasLand is a documentary about hydrolic fracturing in america and the horrendous affect it has on the water system with reports of local people being able to light their tap water on fire because of the high concentration of natural gas in it.
Three things I'm thankful for:
And in our simplistic conclusion, we still say NO to secrecy. No to Secret Governance!!
I am really delighted that UK prisoners are to be given the vote. In reality, I think, not all that many prisoners will want to exercise that right, and, even if they did, they aren't such a huge percentage of the population that the outcome of any election would be really affected.
“D”, our talker, and by talker I mean ALL DAY… lol… he loves to know “why”. He has made huge strides in his communication of how he his feeling. He is big on personal space and we have come a long way of being able to get closer to him to be able to work with him. He is getting really good at using his words to get us to back up if we are too close or if he needs a break.
tights
One of the more interesting developments referred to in passing above is the fact that FTI Consulting has taken on Richard Kershaw from Catalyst in Hong Kong. Richard is one of the big beasts of Far Eastern eDiscovery, and his engagement is a significant pointer to FTI’s increased interest in the region. I knew that they had an important new hire in prospect to add to their growing team, and had idly scribbled Richard’s name down as the most likely candidate. I am glad to have been proved right, and I look forward to seeing the effect on FTI’s presence in Hong Kong.
Let me tell you a little secret about love: nobody knows the love you feel but you. It might sound like a simple enough fact to accept, but we ever so often forget. I remember having an argument with my boyfriend about who loved who more. He believed he loved me more than I loved him. What was his basis for believing such? How HE felt. I laughed; I had to. How could he know how I was feeling? He could never, and I guess since I was the one to end that relationship, he is now certain that he was right. Maybe. I don’t know. We really can’t measure another person’s love.
Changed the diapers. (ready to have children one day)
This week at work we were hit with an interesting problem in our development with Pega. We were working on a requirement to import data from an Excel spreadsheet which we originally used to receive in the standard Excel 2003 XLS format. This is a rather simple exercise using the JExcel library which Pega includes in its SI package. (Of course, this is not the first mention of JExcel in my blog. You may recall that I ported it to dotNET and blogged about it in JExcel native port to .NET in C#.) However, true to form of most requirements, there was an unanticipated change in that the new spreadsheets are delivered in the Excel 2007 XLSX format! We are staring down the barrel of a deadline and need to meet this changed requirement.
"Two things, actually," I told him. "Could you please tell that phony cripple in the wheelchair begging over there in the middle of Van Ness Avenue to stop tearing up all the shrubbery in the neighborhood looking for hidden drug stashes?"
So, anyone have any suggestions? I only know that I want to keep my lilac chair. Maybe facet the hell out of the inside of the closet in girly shades of lavender and white, and make a pretty banded pattern on the outsides of the doors? Any suggestions, I need decisiveness please!
This picture is of my favorite flower, the Tiger Lily. Around these parts, it can be found almost anywhere there's dirt between July and mid-August. I guess that would kind of classify it as a weed, but because it is so colorful and hearty - and it won't grow in my yard, for some strange reason - to me it is has the same WOW factor as an Orchid or a Chrysanthemum.
Then I added some Smooch Glitz Frost to the vines, and some Clearsnap Ocean Spray glitter.
And soothes our deepest wounds and
Once again Jenn made us awesome smoothies. Strawberry and banana once again. My favorite.
<U+79C1><U+306F><U+8D70><U+308B><U+4E8B><U+304C><U+597D><U+304D><U+3067><U+306F><U+3042><U+308A><U+307E><U+305B><U+3093><U+3002><U+53CB><U+4EBA><U+3067>10<U+30AD><U+30ED><U+3001><U+30CF><U+30FC><U+30D5><U+30DE><U+30E9><U+30BD><U+30F3><U+3001><U+30D5><U+30EB><U+30DE><U+30E9><U+30BD><U+30F3><U+306B><U+53C2><U+52A0><U+3059><U+308B><U+4EBA><U+304C><U+7D50><U+69CB><U+3044><U+3066><U+3001><U+5F7C><U+5973><U+9054><U+304B><U+3089><U+3068><U+3066><U+3082><U+611F><U+5316><U+3055><U+308C><U+307E><U+3059><U+3057><U+523A><U+6FC0><U+3092><U+53D7><U+3051><U+307E><U+3059><U+3002><U+3067><U+3082><U+3001><U+79C1><U+81EA><U+8EAB><U+9577><U+8DDD><U+96E2><U+30EC><U+30FC><U+30B9><U+3092><U+3057><U+305F><U+3044><U+304B><U+3068><U+8A00><U+3046><U+3068><U+3001><U+3042><U+307E><U+308A><U+8208><U+5473><U+304C><U+3042><U+308A><U+307E><U+305B><U+3093><U+3067><U+3057><U+305F><U+3002><U+3067><U+3082><U+3053><U+3061><U+3089><U+306E><U+53CB><U+4EBA><U+306B><U+3001>12<U+6708><U+306B><U+30EC><U+30FC><U+30B9><U+306B><U+51FA><U+306A><U+3044><U+304B><U+3068><U+8A00><U+308F><U+308C><U+3001><U+53C2><U+52A0><U+3057><U+3066><U+307F><U+308B><U+3053><U+3068><U+306B><U+3057><U+307E><U+3057><U+305F><U+3002><U+30EC><U+30FC><U+30B9><U+306B><U+306F><U+69D8><U+3005><U+306A><U+8DDD><U+96E2><U+304C><U+3042><U+308A><U+3001><U+6700><U+521D>10<U+30AD><U+30ED><U+30EC><U+30FC><U+30B9><U+306B><U+51FA><U+3088><U+3046><U+3068><U+601D><U+3063><U+3066><U+3044><U+305F><U+306E><U+3067><U+3059><U+304C><U+3001><U+4ECA><U+306E><U+72B6><U+614B><U+3060><U+3068>10<U+30AD><U+30ED><U+8D70><U+308C><U+308B><U+304B><U+5206><U+304B><U+308A><U+307E><U+305B><U+3093><U+3002><U+4ED6><U+306E><U+7406><U+7531><U+3082><U+3042><U+308B><U+306E><U+3067><U+3059><U+304C><U+3001><U+4ECA><U+56DE><U+306F><U+8A00><U+53CA><U+3057><U+307E><U+305B><U+3093><U+306D><U+3002>4<U+30F6><U+6708><U+8A13><U+7DF4><U+3059><U+308B><U+6642><U+9593><U+304C><U+3042><U+308A><U+307E><U+3059><U+304C><U+3001><U+4ECA><U+306E><U+3068><U+3053><U+308D>3<U+30AD><U+30ED><U+3068><U+77ED><U+3044><U+8DDD><U+96E2><U+3092><U+8D70><U+3063><U+3066><U+3044><U+308B><U+3060><U+3051><U+3067><U+6E80><U+8DB3><U+3067><U+3059><U+3002><U+79C1><U+306B><U+3068><U+3063><U+3066><U+8D70><U+308B><U+306E><U+306F><U+7C21><U+5358><U+3067><U+306F><U+306A><U+3044><U+306E><U+3067><U+3059><U+304C><U+3001><U+3044><U+305A><U+308C><U+3082><U+3046><U+5C11><U+3057><U+9577><U+3044><U+8DDD><U+96E2><U+3092><U+8D70><U+308C><U+308B><U+3088><U+3046><U+306B><U+306A><U+308C><U+305F><U+3089><U+826F><U+3044><U+306A><U+3068><U+5922><U+898B><U+3066><U+3044><U+307E><U+3059><U+3002>
white, worn and tattered
I love your blog and also Heart Organizing.
You can, I’m not going to.
and it looks like lilacs
-Allow chocolate to set. Store turtles in an airtight container at cool room temperature.
I will send you an invoice and please pay within 24 hours after recieving the invoice otherwise it will not be reserved.
Top-and-bottom machines are stacked in customized cupboards, while bold fuchsia damask wallpaper pretties up the walls. Different accoutrements, like pegs, racks, and cubbies, provide ample storage.
Now attach strap to the other side of the top of the tote with 5 sc being careful not to twist handle. Do not fasten off. or change color of yarn if you wish.
about everyone and everything. This house is no different. It just
And here I have mentioned the word which has become one of the most deadly weapons used against the European race and the most poisonous agent of their destruction.
Most scientists believe Earth collided with a hypothetical, Mars-sized planet called Theia early in its existence, and the resulting smash-up produced a disc of magma orbiting our planet that later coalesced to form the moon. This is called the giant impact hypothesis. Computer models indicate that, for the collision to remain consistent with the laws of physics, at least 40% of the magma would have had to come from Theia.
And I came away with the disturbing knowledge that once you take the "pink" and horse books out of the equation, series with female protagonists do not seem to be being written for emerging readers. We have boys having adventures and boy/girl pairs. Apparently girls can't stand alone--even as animal characters--unless they are princesses or fairies.
This top, however, I am not so sure about - I'm a little on the fence. I love the colour, but the length is a little much. It's in the wash right now, so that may be the breaking point. If it comes out all wrinkly, I'm likely to pass it on. I hate ironing!
10. The skate sharpening machine does not take 100 dollar bills.
But we all need a little bit of magic in our life's at times though don't we?
Dismal burdens so relieving,
-Treating myself to a steak dinner to energize me for Holy Week. I hardly ever cook steak for myself and this Texan needed a little red meat! It was divine, and served with creamy baked sweet potatoes. Yum.
All of this changed when Europeans began to settle in the “New World.” Suddenly, land was no longer a constraint on marriage, and early marriage became the norm. With the downward shift in the age of marriage, was there a corresponding downward shift, via natural selection, in the age of full reproductive maturity?
at the bottom of the lake. Melusine thrashed her tail in anger. Why couldn’t she turn human, even for a day? Grandmama had a year, her mother a month. They’d lived on two legs in the land of men, flaunting their wondrous beauty, catching kisses on red, red lips. But the curse became stronger as they got weaker living on tainted waters and broken dreams. By the time Melusine was born, her mother could no longer keep her human form.
City of Shame by Rachel Brooke
combine sugars, salt, and tapioca in a large bowl. mix well. Add rhubarb and blueberries and toss until fruit is well coated.
We walked in the sunshine to our hotel - we were staying in a self-contained flat with kitchen and bathroom (Cosy's), which was a brilliant idea. Even though we never actually used the kitchen facilities, it was lovely to have a proper fridge for once, and the option of cooking, if we'd been so inclined. For longer trips, I can see it being a godsend - there's only so much cheese-on-things you can eat... The hotel was a little bit outside the centre of town, towards the castle and the zoo, and it was in a lovely leafy avenue near a university. We will be going back, I'm sure.
As for today, I tried so hard to control the tears as another first came around, Amelie's prep orientation.
However the great news is that we do have control over the response we choose to have in relation to the circumstance. For example if our friend chooses to get angry and frustrated with us because of something we have done or said to them, we can choose to react with anger and unhappiness to them or we can take a much more empowering place and choose to believe that what is happening is good and isn’t it great that they are authentic with us. We can actively choose to respond with happiness, peace and love in this situation.
Most of my contemporary stories (so far) have been set in an area I'm familiar with-- the vicinity of Cleveland, Ohio and its suburbs. But you can take any city and use it effectively, no matter if you've lived there or not. The key is in finding what makes your Average Town, USA not so average. What, specifically, makes it unique?
I was wandering down a long & well known highways, traffic was surprisingly light. Earlier I had stressed to my S/O how important it was that I take this walk & as I strolled along the road I began to question my own importance & insistence on the matter. It seemed I was walking for hours and not getting very far. I decided that I had made a mistake, crossed the highway and started on my way back home. Once I had crossed & had been walking for some time I happened upon another group of travellers on their own journey, one of which was a very wise & long time friend of mine. She had on one of her bright smiles & from the moment I collided with their group she was pouring insights & advice my way, she said I needed it for my own journey. I was immidiately puzzled as I had already decided my own quest was over and was end route home however she insisted that I had only just begun. There was a path I must take that will lead into the forest, she pointed the way and I started going on the route she showed me. I was surprised the troupe was coming with me, they were all in high spirits, jovial, dancing and very excited for what was about to come. My friend walked along beside me our conversation light & airy, we spoke of getting together for Chai when this was all over.
Hostess from previous evening’s alcohol adventures (standing outside restaurant and spotting us as we pass): “Hello, my friends! Did you find wine?” (That wasn’t at all conspicuous. Keep it classy, Boston).
After removing the TP roll inside, I used goof off to get all the adhesive off the containers left by manufacturers stickers, and then washed them with warm soapy water. They seem clean and kosher to me, but since I already have food stored in my Dollorama containers, these will not be used for food. The dog cupboard has been a thorn in my side for sometime, and despite organizing all the treat packages into a basket, we still couldn't manage to keep the treats looking organized. This distaster of a cupboard was the perfect candidate for a JA overhaul!
Dayyibu and I put the tire back on Bob’s motorcycle wheel, put the wheel back on, and adjusted his rear brake. I also determined the engine to a water pump here has no compression. It’s kind of at a dead end for now until I can find a compressed air source to do a cylinder leak down test to determine where the leak is coming from. I also started to work on an orange Mitsuba motorcycle that hasn’t run in a while. The spark plug boot, or cap, was missing and the bare, non-insulated spark plug wire was just wrapped around the tip of the spark plug. I went into town with Dayyibu, bought a new spark plug boot, dropped into Salamoun Voyage to eat some more soya (steak). While there, I also had some fried bread known as jinjin. It was kind of sweet and tasted a little like a croissant. I think it had a little bit of sugar sprinkled on it. I also had a fried plantain which was not as appetizing as I thought it would be. I figured I like bananas, especially the delicious bananas here, but not this fried plantain. Oh well.
It’s not just in some of us; it’s in everyone. And as we let our own light shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same. As we are liberated from our own fear, our presence automatically liberates others.
Favorite Website- Netflix
I’ve got an exciting post here to kick off the new year. Please take a few moments to check out a philanthropy I am undertaking for 2012 called “Tip the Scales 2012!“
So, with those thoughts and memories, I decided to bake. And I made cinnamon rolls. I know how much she loved my cooking and baking so these were made in honor of her love that helped mold me into who I am today. I know that her love will live on in me, and that when the time comes I will be that Grandma.
Of course, I balance my bite here with general respect toward the still-maturing industry. I'll accept anything that's good, in a glass or a bottle or a can.
Ahearn’s new book conquers the problems of digital personal privacy. His philosophy is since information cannot be deleted one must combat information via digital deception and distortion. The overall goal is to destroy one’s digital DNA. Those DNA genes consist of The Self, which is information you are responsible for posting. The PIV is personal information violation when you post personal information of a person without their permission. The Database, the intrusive world of companies that search, collects and resell your personal information. The final gene being Images of you posted without permission.
1/2 cup stir-fry sauce
Barry Larkin (Reds) vs. Raul Mondesi (Dodgers)
As he reached the handle to the door he looked back just in time to see the woman hurdle the chair with ease. Stunned at her athleticism he fumbled for the shotgun, unable and unwilling to take his eyes off of her.
GRUMPY
AgentFest to be the largest event of its kind in the world! Over 55 agents will join us this year!
Don't you just love this Wendy Vecchi stamp? It has such a lovely look - like vintage lace. I stamped onto white CS with Ranger Archival Jet Black ink. The stamp wasn't large enough to cover the entire tag so I filled in the blank space at the bottom with script stamp from Wendy's Live and Make Art set. To cover the joining and give some extra white, I layered some white paper twist ribbon over it. The sentiment was stamped on the Movers and Shapers Mini Label and then it was given just one coat of UTEE and sponged with Victorian Velvet. I had a scrap of the millinery netting floating around my desk from another project I worked on this week and thought it added just the right touch to my little vintage creation. That stuff was super expensive, but I picked u a few yards to sell in my Etsy as I had several requests for it and it does make a fun addition to a make.
So this is my still life setup area by the one window in my 11' x 11' studio. I think I have South light - not sure. Afternoon light whatever that is?
When chops have rested, add any accumulated juices to skillet and set over medium heat. Simmer, whisking constantly, until glaze is thick and color of dark caramel (heatproof spatula should leave wide trail when dragged through glaze), 2 to 6 minutes.
Or else, they will cut a deal – and appear before a truth and reconciliation committee in exchange for one time of forgiveness.
I hope you are all well... I am settling into motherhood well. I just love it lol!!!!
So, once again, I truly am your best hope for president. I'll even marry someone and promise she won't waste time and money on some cause like dirty fingernails in America, or dandruff in the workplace, or the tattoo epidemic. Imagine that? No subtle royalty behavior being foisted upon a nation which forbids titles of nobility, and royal power. It would be the first time in forever.
That cup is almost life-sized. Sheesh! But free is free!
My father
Larry Scott, the first Mr. Olympia, trained at Vince's Gym. Mohamed Makkaway, one of the greatest IFBB pros of the '80s, also trained with Vince.
The hadith of the Prophet said: “A Muslim is the brother of a Muslim.” He never said anything else. He never said the British and the Americans. He never said the blacks, the whites, the Chinese, the brown, the coconut, the coffee, the cappuccino. The yellow, the pink, the brown, the strawberry, the gateau. Nothing like that, No. He said: “The believers, they are a brotherhood.”
As Hitler said, “How fortunate for governments that the people they administer don’t think.” BINGO! And that is the biggest problem in America. We don’t think! We no longer question! Anyone who does is branded a terrorist or subversive just like in the old Soviet Union. Same story on a different stage!!
So what did you make?
The crib head-on....and YES, those are Ugly Dolls. I chose stuff that doesn't really scream "BOY!" so I could reuse the bedding for Baby Owl #2 sometime in the distance future. To make it somewhat boy, I just added boyish accessories. Like Ugly Dolls.
Do your pets gather around you when you are at the computer?
“Innovation and advancement in security technology are vital as the security sector strives to stay one step ahead of the global terrorism threat,” said Steve Swain, CEO of the U.K.-based Security Innovation and Technology Consortium (SITC), and former director of London’s Metropolitan Police International Counter Terrorism Unit. “Breakthrough technologies from companies like BRS Labs play an important role as the security industry pushes forward to combat today’s threats. Video surveillance intelligence, collection and analysis are key components of any counter terrorism program.”
Travelling wise…I AM going away I just don’t know where, I went to Shanghai and Zante last year so to beat that I need to go to New York or Beirut or something, I want to go to Italy I don’t know it just seems simpler than going on a binge in Maga. OHH, I’m also going to V Festival which is like at the end of August so that’s centuries away!!
recorded live at Haus der Berliner Festspiele, Main Stage, November 6, 2011
23. Tenth Avenue Freeze-Out
Maybe I'm just a dummy, but I couldn't figure out why this book was entitled Angela's Ashes. The entire time I was reading, I was expecting Angela (the author's mother) to die, but she managed to hang on the whole way through. Oh, um, spoiler. So I've looked it up in order to enlighten you. Apparently the follow-up book, 'Tis, which was originally tacked on to the end of this book, concludes with the scattering of Angela's ashes. (Yep, that's another spoiler.) And Angela's Ashes concludes with the word 'tis. So there's a sort of symmetry there . . . although it still doesn't quite make sense to me. Shouldn't it have been the other way around?
Sift all the dry ingredients together.
I don’t care what you say, Larry Santy, it’s one of the greatest movies EVER.
2. Failure to know the skills and the giftedness of the person.
I wasn't really wanting to drool over a picture of Steven Gerrard's wife, of course not, but I was on a train last Saturday, and another man had been engrossed in it for 10 minutes or so, and when he reached his destination and left the paper behind it seemed a pity not to pick it up and see what he found so interesting. Hmmm!
She had a small sewing room right off the kitchen at our house. My bedroom was directly above it, and often I could hear the whirring of the sewing machine at night when I drifted off to sleep. It was a lullaby that always made me feel loved.
“All I was trying to do was tell her she was coming in through the out door,” Terry Rakowski told Florida Today. “She was just ramming (her cart) into the door.”
On another subject. I "won" two more Liebster award.. Now, I don't know if I really need to make another list or not since I already won one. And all the blogs that I read daily either already got a Liebster award of have too many follower... What should I do ?
My decision to focus on this issue is not because I am a woman, its just a thought of the moment. I am not even intending to be negative by using phrases like men are dogs… or users or the worlds obscenities, no, and more so am not going to compromise saying how good they are.
Jessica.Mann@eytt.org
they too believed in faerie tales…
I sit there for a moment thinking ..... will the lorry stop or am I on my own with this.
It seems to me that one of the most interesting potential effects of open innovation is to shift the balance of importance as between different intellectual property rights. A closed innovation model places the greatest emphasis upon control of intellectual assets by a single proprietor: the exclusionary role of patents for inventions and, to a lesser extent, statutory design monopolies, are valuable tools for achieving this end, as is the role played by contract and general legal principles regarding the protection of trade secrets such as manufacturing know-how. With control of a market secured by such means, the role of the trade mark is relatively small. This is because a trade mark is not generally capable of excluding a product or a technology from the market: all it can do is to prevent its commercial exploitation under a particular name or origin-identifier.
I was hoping the love conversation was behind us, but he turned to me first thing and said that he loved me. That he’d told me he’d say it sober, and now he was saying it. He loves me and wants me to be his girlfriend. He’s so in love with me.
(Note that this Pauline confession also includes the single-word confessions from the Gospels et al. — that is, “Christ,” “Lord,” and “Son of God.” Also note that, in Paul’s confessions, Jesus is not “Son of God” until his resurrection.)
Barbour: that dang Carter had
The Blessed Damozel has often been said to be about Rossetti’s wife – the deceased heavenly female figure in the poem. Rossetti was somewhat haunted by her ghostly presence, as he was by those of the other two women in his life. This added another dimension to his work, a more eerie and foreboding one. Although his subjects ranged from classical, biblical, historical, and literary, and often the ethereal and romantic mood prevailed, his female subjects were often portrayed as seemingly innocent yet obdurate seductresses charming the male to his end. Perhaps Rossetti adhered to the antediluvian belief that the great fall of man rests at the hands of a woman. But who can say? Rossetti’s poems, like his paintings, are beautiful, at times remarkably so and characterised by the themes which shaped the poet’s own life, namely love and death.
But enough of that for now. This is a birthday party! More balloons, cake and streamers! More happy speeches!
The end result was that within an hour we had three blue vans, and got it all back working. Nobody'd been told what was going on, and the gas men said "Things have been busy". I pointed out that the street has a high number of elderly, housebound people, and without heat, for a little longer, they could expect hypothermia, some, my mother's neighbour, Margaret, for instance has senile dementia, she wouldn't know to call for help.
Not only did I try a different style...but I used the dreaded purple! LOL! Ok, I don't dislike all shades of purple...just most of them! hehe! All in all I think turned out alright...
Along the same lines but in a different way you also have examples like Jeremiah and Ezekiel who prayed for God to bless them and God’s blessing overwhelmed and surprised them. There are times that you will want God to come and encounter you but you will surprised by the magnitude by which God blesses in that encounter. God will come at that time you least expect it and will bless you beyond what you could ever imagine!
Larry has become a recognized insider: he’s a board member of the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children, an advisor to both the Family Online Safety Institute and to Facebook (yes, THE Facebook), and he served on President Obama’s Online Safety & Technology Working Group.
Be a Follower of Crowley Party
But sometimes luck shines upon us. Even when we are unprepared. Stupid. Ignorant in our actions.
But, but,but all of these people are great. Notice something else they have in common? They all write (or co-write) their songs.
2. We become like those we spend time with
This ritual was called aischrologia, translated as "saying ugly things."
I passed another guy walking toward me on the lighted path along Highway 50 as I made my way toward the McDonald's on the south side of the city; my halfway point and where I had a date with a medium orange juice and an order of Cinnamon Melts. He looked to be a retired guy going about his daily routine and I began to ponder my own retirement once again and how I could easily see myself out here in the early morning hours putting in some miles to begin my day when I've got no schedule to keep.
(Historical information from The Historic Architecture of Addison County: Vermont State Register of Historic Places.)
Blurb:
It has been such fun seeing her simple world through my camera lens. Take a look…
This isn't very suprising considering it came from Brazil, the country that brought us Carnival, maybe even the thong bathing suit. I wonder if they set up tastings in maternity or baby stores?
They too would be lost
Pick One Drink: A good glass of red wine or water.
This is my latest mixed media collage. I'm moving back into my home studio due to some major unhappiness with the way the management (or should I say, mis-management) of the artist organization I'm involved with. That's all I'll say about it right now. For me, the making of art is important. This quasi political brew ha ha is just a bump in the road. Since the physical/emotional disruption, I've been unable to make art in my downtown studio. Thus, I've been making collage work at home, like crazy. I guess I should thank those who have had 'control' over my (and other artists) destiny these past months. The anger I feel has pushed me onward and upward. In other words, thanks, now get out of my way.
7. Our family can survive 5 hours at church on a Sunday morning and still be talking to each other when we leave
If you’re going to smoke go in your house, lock the door behind you, and smoke to your heart’s content. But don’t do it in the park! You don’t want to expose the squirrel birds, turtles, and little kids to your second-hand smoke.
Sautéed scallops, angel hair pasta, asparagus, dinner rolls
I’m looking forward to LOST tonight and it promises to answer some questions on Richard, who is quite the Mystery Man. The Man Who Never Ages. Any LOST fans out there?
Recently, I went on yet another business trip. Fortunately, this was the first business trip I've made in some time, almost a year if memory serves correctly. I have traveled several times a year over the past ten years or so, sometimes more, sometimes less. On this latest trip I actually tried to write down a list of all of the business trips I have taken as a way to pass the time during a long layover. I stopped at 25, unable and unwilling to think about it anymore.
No on to the food. They’re famous for their fried dough pizza. It’s called the Montara. It’s lightly fried then baked with marinara sauce, mozzerella and basil. It was an interesting choice. Yes, it’s different, but I’m still trying to figure out how I feel about it. Imagine fried dough (or a zeppoli) without the powdered sugar and cinnamon, just plain. Then add marinara sauce and mozzerella cheese. I guess you can relate it to savory crepes. To me crepes should always have fruit. I know people keep telling me it’s different, but a pancake should never have ham and spinach in the middle (i don’t even eat ham). So it was edible, not amazing, not bad, just different.
Here's just really, really short synopsis of how she found this latest trouble. No, I really mean it. This story won't take long at all, so hold on to your britches and keep reading.
I don't know, I have loved that word all my life. I have loved angel lore all my life. And everything else that goes with the word.
3 large eggs plus 1 large egg yolk, room temp.
Eggplant - 3 (big)
The study, by itself, might well have some value. This is a phrase I could use in a referee report on a paper addressing questions that, in my opinion, aren’t quite as pressing as the authors think. Sure, one could inquire whether schizophrenia might be to certain types of creative thought as the obsessive-compulsive disorder is to persistence, or clinical depression to feeling the blues, or cancer to normal cell growth for that matter. What’s objectionable is that this particular question is taken out of context, sensationalized and belaboured to no end, at the expense of just about every other aspect of our work and lives. People outside of science or academia can get into long and detailed arguments about how John Nash’s schizophrenia influenced his creative output. (OK, so that’s one movie there.) These are the same people who think that mathematicians do all their work on computers, that calculus and trigonometry are areas of current research, that we get paid gazillions in royalties for all those journal publications, and that if tenure track jobs start in September then you should apply in August.
in so much thought--
My grandmother was special!! And she received various accolades from different entities and persons expressing such. She was a sweet and warm person. Hardworking. Kind. Tender-hearted. Warm-hearted… and she loved to see others happy…. And she just the absolute sweetest…
Jules and Jim made its U.S. premiere April 23, 1962, the same year the film made its initial debut in France on Jan. 23. Though it marked Truffaut's third feature film as a director following The 400 Blows and Shoot the Piano Player, Jules and Jim was only the second of his films to reach U.S. movie theaters. Shoot the Piano Player, though it opened elsewhere in 1960, wouldn't get its U.S. release until July 23, 1962. (Like Jules and Jim, The 400 Blows reached U.S. shores in the same year, 1959, that Truffaut's directing debut did elsewhere, just a few months later.) As I remind people as often as possible, all opinions about movies are subjective. Before beginning my lovesick tribute to what I think holds the title as the true masterpiece born of the French New Wave, I feel that I shouldn't pretend all critics agreed about Jules and Jim and I'd allow one to have his say before I got started. "With the years, I've sometimes felt the reputation of Jules and Jim is a bit exaggerated," this former critic said to Richard Roud, then-director of the New York Film Festival, in October 1977 on a television program called Camera Three. The ex-critic added, "and that I was too young when I made it." That appearance happened to be François Truffaut's first time on American television. I guess you can remove the man from the role of film critic but you can't take the critic out of the man. "I continue to re-read the book every year. It was one of my favorites. I've often felt that the film was too decorative, not cruel enough, that love was crueler that that," Truffaut went on to tell Roud. Now, François, don't be so hard on yourself. For those who haven't seen Jules and Jim, I'll be vague, I think you could call the film's dénouement fairly devastating. Besides, most recognize (or know from experience) that cruelty usually crosses love's path at some point. On top of that, the subject cuts too close to Truffaut for him to judge. Jules and Jim may speak to me in personal ways, but that isn't why the film rests among my 20 favorite films of all time. As John Houseman used to claim in TV commercials about how Smith Barney made money, Jules and Jim got that rank on my list "the old-fashioned way. It earned it."
"The Mystery of Room 666"
Kyle Skipworth FLA W 5
10. Who do you mess with the most?
If it’s unrequited love? Well, that sucks for the guy. He wasted his time, energy, and craftiness for nothing. I’m waiting for my May Tree on the roof but Toblerone has confirmed that this could cause quite a scandal in this little town we live in. That would mean that I’m clearly having an affair. The May Tree on the roof of your home would only mean that another man is looking for my affection. Since I’m not married and/or ENGAGED (hint hint!) then I expect a May tree. NOW.
I am so glad I didn't interfere out of panic. I offered lots of ideas and possibilities, and I learned (eventually) not to judge their "No thanks" answer, either with a sigh or rolled eyes (I didn't even realise I was doing that until they pointed it out, because it was very subtle).
Strength: Norfolk St is one of the best defensive teams in the MEAC. Teams are shooting just 40.5 percent from the field and 29.9 percent from behind the three-point line against the Spartans. In addition to that, they’re forcing over 14 turnovers a game too. That’s the kind of defense that has allowed this team to run off 25 wins, which is a lot for MEAC school.
Episode 1 of 4: “Time to Kill”
Thanks to everyone tuning into this blog series on diversity. I wanted to share with you the winner, by random number generator, of Danette's beautiful book is Christy Farley! Congrats Christy!!
me – fruit is – either pride or self pity
Iczer 1's story is quite average and perhaps typical of an 80s OVA, but features lots of high quality animation, episode 3 especially features some of Obari’s best animation work. This first clip features about 5 minutes of footage where the majority of the battle scenes between the giant mecha are handled by Obari:
I, on the other hand feel like my body says "Food is food and then it's in your system for eleventy days and then it THINKS about being poop, but it probably never WILL be poop."
In the Tower of Song
Bling: Ribbon: Michaels; Liquid Pearls: Ranger, Button: Epiphany Crafts (LOVE THIS PRODUCT!)
As it is now, it is a big shame.
Showed him how much he meant the world to me
keyword BBB20. You have until March 31st to enter! As we unveil our challenge for next month, we’ll share our True Beauties – those card makers who wowed us with this challenge! Winners will be featured on the Flourishes Blog and will receive a True Beauty blog button to display
Maybe The Iguanas are still sitting at the bar, waiting for a dawn, champagne and strawberries…
And we’d have lengthy conversations about how we were both so happy to be in each others’ lives, still – that we were the exception: a boy and a girl who could ACTUALLY be honest-to-goodness friends.
4. My parents & boyfriend were nice enough to bring Otis for a little bit, even though I was too busy to see them a whole lot.
We moved in early November to a new side of town. It's far enough that places you want to attend on a regular basis must change. This includes church.
Ed Jr. and his wife Audrey and their two children Holden and Lilly were there, and Adam also stopped by; although he was only able to steal an hour or so from work, it was great to see him! In fact, although I had fairly recently seen the others, I had not seen Adam or "little" Eddie in at least 25 years, which is way too long! The only Robinson cousin that was missing from our gathering was Dan, who unfortunately had another commitment. Sandra served a tasty chicken cacciatore, followed up by a very decadent Tiramisu cake - yummy! Good friends, good food, good drinks = good times!
“Ninety-five,” Kat called out from the doorway. “Already charged to your card.”
Mdakane, who held the rank of brigadier, was dismissed on December 1 after an internal disciplinary found him guilty.
I’m content because its nothing strange.
You can see the transformation in the next series of photos. These are when we went to lunch at a noodle restaurant. The first one is a family pic.These are from the restaurant. She really enjoyed it when I fed her. Again, something great and unexpected, as sometimes it is hard to get eye contact from the child or get them to smile too soon. She is a big smilie girl, and loved it when I fed her. We get constant eye contact and engagement.There is so much to say on this day, I think I will wait to continue this day at my next posting. We have all spent the night together and have had 3 meals together so far and it is amazing how well everything is going. No more crying, no bad behavior, tons of smiles and all the kids get along well (although the boys keep talking to her in English and don't understand why she is not answering them back....)
The problem with this query though is that I don't see anything compelling. It's all very cliche: white supremacists, lone wolf hero. You can have a structurally sound query (well, you could, once you revise) but the book itself isn't doing much for me here.
But they were ideal fodder for the saucy part of our 'traditional' Halloween dessert of 'Mud, blood & poached brains'.
thunder!
Number three…the standards will not discriminate…between race…religion…or gender…it is simply the minimum amount that is acceptable over a certain period of time…
Now, here is the good news! I believe I have found a site that will sell gigantic lockets like this (actually, exactly like that one) at a pretty good price. (If you look at the tutorial, this locket I found here was $5, not exactly inexpensive.) Now, here is the catch. The site I found is a wholesale site, meaning I have to buy a crapload (exact amount) of them and take on a pretty big financial risk in order to get them at a good price. Kinda scary for a tiny business owner like me!
All of these struggles that I have mentioned only become more complicated for a guy when you introduce a girl into the picture.
The article gives fair time to Seventeen as well, who say they are not the sole, nor the most grievous, purveyors of the "perfect" image. But Little Sister started with her favorite magazine, and one of the most popular in the country, so here's a huge salute, cheer, and Hallelulah for girls like Julia.
What happened to me today.
I recently watched this story from ABC News and loved it. A banker stood all day beneath a balcony trying to talk down some baby ducklings who were stuck. What a guy.
Can they get us those first class seats we paid dearly for, I asked. No, unless we want to travel in one or two days (what’s up with this question over and over again? We’re flying because we’d like to get there today - horse drawn buggies are for people with more leisure time).
I know that many of you out there enjoy owning vintage ballet slippers. This post might give you ideas for what you can do to spice yours up a bit.
Of course, no one objects to this kind of objectification.
While there are many good reasons to participate as a pilot in this project, it appears that there is limited enthusiasm among right-holders to participate. This may be due to the novelty of the approach as well as fears relating to the protection of confidential business information. Since the methodology proposed by Rand has been applied in other areas, applying economic theory to solve social and legal problems is one of its specialities, scepticism as to the methodology—although understandable because of the unusual starting-point—is not constructive for as long as it is not tested in practice. A dry-run does not tell us whether the methodology will hold water: only the actual testing of the model will allow confirmation that the Rand methodology is appropriate, whether it requires adjustment, or whether an alternative should be envisaged.
(sigh)
Unschooling is Forever
Is it because in a lot of ad agencies, radio is seen as a way of letting juniors cut their teeth, before getting stuck into TV? In one big agency I worked for, there was definitely an unwritten hierarchy of media that you got to scale as you proved yourself - and I can tell you radio was not at the higher end.
2. In the Flat Field
Furumay's last film, The Homeless Student, had a generally fine cast but didn't quite work -- mostly because the actor playing the central character was way too old for the part and wasn't a strong enough performer to overcome this handicap. The twin heroines here, played by Riko Narumi (How To Become Myself) and Kii Kitano (BandAge), are closer to the right age and far more skilled. The film focuses, almost entirely, on these two girls, who initially meet in passing during a junior high kendo competition (where Kitano beats Narumi by a fluke) and then later wind up in the same high school.
Superior and funny. I’m like Joanna Lumley mixed in with Victoria Wood.
You might also find that you will feel less pressure on making the wrong person fit the model and essentially you’ll stop dating assholes.
Enjoy the sunshine, and appreciate that pint.
Surprise!: CB, Morris Claiborne
Bio: I’m a graphic designer by trade and a writer in my seemingly non-existent spare time. I live in Atlanta. You can find me on facebook, myspace (although not-so-much on the myspace anymore) and twitter.
Folding Chair
A foreign national may be mislead by this professional and legal sounding title that resemble titles familiar to him from home and think he is dealing with an authorized legal advisor, when in fact, he is not.
In a special morning ceremony in the capital, Naypyitaw, they read an oath they had previously disputed (and pledged) to safeguard the military-drafted constitution.
"The math" as it were, seldom gets colder or harder than it does in ARMADILLO.
John 6:51 "I am the living bread that came down out of heaven; if anyone eats of this bread, he shall live forever; and the bread also which I shall give for the life of the world is My flesh."
Hi everyone! I am a 44 year old, stay at home Mom. I laugh when I say stay at home, because I actually am the secretary/accountant and jack of all trades for our local family based business.
In my nearly five years of being here in the seminary, I came to love what I have put myself into not the kind that is being forced into me. But I truly felt the love for what I wish to be and what I wish to do. I can say that I came to love our mission. The pangs of truth sank deep and then I saw myself, butterflies in stomach, that I am in love and I can say that I can do it. I can endure for my existence came with a meaning attached to it. It fueled my journey into the unknown. This is the lesson I can leave to all of you. I dare say, stay in love, explore what you love, love many if not all but stay truly in love not just for our mission but the trials and pleasure that comes along with it. Love the chance that you can make a difference, love the fact that you could be of help to the Apostolate. Love for it is what we are made for. Love for it will define who we are, what we are, and who we will become.
Hair: Arbre-Pop Moton - Vive9
Let's get started.
Since 2001 the major preoccupation of the process has been the establishment of sound funding for this portfolio of projects and programs. To this end, the International Consortium on the Cooperative Development of the Nile (ICCON) was created and held its first meeting in Geneva (ICCON 1) in June 2001, at which it received pledges from donors of US$120 million over a six to eight-year time frame. ICCON’s long-term aim as a partnership of riparian states and the international community is to promote joint funding, transparency, and more broadly to raise support for the NBI. One of the key process issues is the establishment of a multidonor Nile Basin Trust Fund to provide “streamlined, cost-effective funding … which would consolidate donor support and ensure the clarity and cohesiveness of the program” (NBI, 2000). Following Parliamentary approval of the NBI’s new international organization status under Ugandan law in September 2002, it was envisaged that the NTF would shortly come under the management of the Nile Basin Secretariat.
I think when I feel a prompting to send a card from now on I will. I hope you will too! One of the blogs I follow ends each time with "send someone some love in a card today". I think she has the right idea! :0)
Chocolate cake and home made pizza.
There are two reasons for this recipe-less cupcake post.
What if Norman Siegel's criticisms of Public Advocate Betsy Gotbaum's equivocations on eminent domain had made it into the press? What if Gotbaum followed through on her opposition to the use of eminent domain?
P.S. I'm planning a six hour (return) interstate road-trip to Hamilton, VIC tomorrow to collect the perfect Christmas stockings, stocking hooks and bon bons. What do you think - too much or is any trip justified by the perfect Christmas decorations?
You will also need 10 cotton balls, tin foil, and a cuticle pusher.
"What is there to eat in this house?" Sam asked.
Hope to find more time for blogging.
So, if I want to write about adult manga, particularly yaoi, the stuff that got to me, as it were, I can't, off-hand, think of a better place to start than with ISHIHARA Satoru's Afuresou na Pool which is saying something. Like, unfortunately, the bulk of the yaoi I've enjoyed, I can't find it licensed in English, but there are several manga scanlation sites that have the whole six volume series. Well worth the time, in my opinion.
Also disturbing is the description of the repercussions of the experiment which he and his family suffered after his experiment was over and people found out what he had done.
171 Yet here for ever, ever must I stay;
"She's drowning," my mother said to my dad.
I find this so incredibly awesome that I can't even stand it. You guys have surely heard about this already, but word on the internets is that photographic proof has been found that Nicolas Cage is a vampire from the Civil War era. I mean, we can't argue with photographic proof, people! Just look at that picture. It's totally Nic Cage as a vampire pretending to be a highly respectful (um, bow tie says it all) and educated thespian from the late 1800s. Totally.
Zimbabwe is also very far down the list, ranked at 166 with a rating of only 1.8. The Democratic Republic of Congo, Equatorial Guinea, Chad and Sudan are the other African countries rated below Zimbabwe on a list that numbers 180 overall positions.
In many ways this is the father of cooking lager. The daddy. Carling transformed British brewing, for a more detailed view see this. Though don’t pay £6 for a copy, I got mine in the Mencap shop for 50p. No longer Carling Black Label, Carling can regularly be found in the bargain bin at supermarkets with a price of around 40p a can. An unmissable opportunity to taste an iconic British cooking lager that is tin after tin of lagery delight. A 4% dishwater, a bit more chemical tasting than other cooking lagers, with a distinctly unnatural foam and head retention. Barley and wheat, 1.8 units a can. All British Barley appealing to the tattooed and patriotic Eng ger land faithful. Complete Flavour and Refreshment it says, though thankfully only the latter is true. Serve ice cold. Goes down a treat.
Dora cake
"We are totally egg-cited to play for Chica and all the Sproutlets who will be home watching with their families,” said The Dream Jam Band.
I was offered copies of these Polaroids, in fact. Now what in the hell would I do with something like that? Send them out as Christmas cards? Which now that I come to think about it I wish I had. They were kind of Christmassy. You know, all red and kind of....red, and stuff.
- Now heat oil in a pan , add mustard seeds and when they strt spluttering add urad dal, chana dal, ground nuts, cashews ,red chillis and when ground nuts and cashews turn light brown (make sure that they are not blackened) add some hing, salt, green chillis, ginger and saute for a minute.
However, it seems the era of the forum is coming to an end. Facebook and Twitter and blogs are how we use the internet now, how we tease our friends and bitch about Hollywood raping our childhood. I’m adapting. I see the value in these things. They are incredible tools that can reach a seemingly unlimited audience, which is something The Halls could never achieve.
we did Christmas shopping
Oh the blackness is murderous
Let me give you an example so you can understand what I mean.
Lewis Schaffer: Eight Free Sisters Thom Dibdin
That last one is a perennial prediction, which Kerzner of LIMRA found interesting. It seems, as far as you can go back, the existence of independent producers was always threatened by something and people always seemed to think the worst. He remembers that a decade or so ago, people were predicting the demise of independent insurance distribution. And, yet—it is still alive and kicking. So the odds are good that, in the next decade and the one after that, we’ll still find independent insurance producers. But their way of life might be far different, and for the better.
However, in order to fulfill this calling on our lives it is necessary that we also share in the empowerment that was on Christ when he was in the world. This is the mantle that He passed on to us at Pentecost (cf., “The Double portion Anointing”), this is what the “Promise of the Father” is all about. And, it is in accepting and receiving the Promise of the Father through the baptism of the Spirit that we reclaim the fullness of our spiritual inheritance in Christ (cf., Eph. 1: 16-18).
On to the main event... This week we are gearing up for fun in the sun!
Tales of power — horror stories —
…creating ripples….
5. Price-wise, I think it's a great deal! For $79 we got the whole kit, which includes the instruction brochure and a DVD, 2 cans of bond paint (which are taken out and tinted at the paint counter), 1 large bottle of De-Glosser, 1 can of Protectant Finish, scrub pads, Decorative Glaze (we didn't use this option), and even applicators for the Decorative Glaze. I didn't really price it out individually, but from what I can tell we got a great deal and the convenience of it is definitely worth it!
This seems to be a common theme in my life.
I kept wondering about the first verses in Isaiah that he read—”I am the Lord, and there is none else.” This was not talking about the oneness of unity. God was saying that there was no one else, which is oneness, but not a unity because “there is none else.” How could this be?
I've acquired an impressive array of Unfinished Objects (UFOs) throughout the past years. I've also managed to create a "To-Do/Want-To-Do" List that can probably never be completed in my lifetime. The existence of these things causes me some stress because I know they're just sitting there all unfinished, money having been spent to procure the supplies and a substantial investment of time already put into each UFO. But more and more projects landed at my feet, begging to be completed and thus relegating the UFOs to darker and dustier corners of the closet.
Our first sponsor is Emma from CRAFTY EMMA'S STORE, she has a fantastic selection of crafting goodies to add to your stash and an excellent clearance corner where there are lots of bargains to be had, so why not pop on over now if you can't wait to see if you're the lucky winner!!! Our winner will receive a Gift Voucher to spend in Emma's Store (p&p NOT included).
For Your mercy reaches unto the heavens,
I don't have to explain the caption, but I will anyway in case it's not obvious. It's called "flawless" because you can't see the blemishes on my skin, my teeth look nice and white and my face shape looked good at that angle which, to me, made it look flawless. And it wasn't edited.
For your hairstyle trial it’s important to bring any hair accessories you are planning on wearing -- tiara, headband, hairpins. You can also bring your veil to see how that will look. But make sure to have it pressed after the trial so it’s not wrinkled for the wedding. You may also want to wear a top that has a similar neckline to your wedding dress’ so you can see what the style will look like in a bodice of the same cut.
And they sing and they dance around,
I also - admittedly - guessed that it would be part of the Guantanamo Bay bandwagon. Then I checked the website above. And guess what? Assad Baig's (or whatever his name is) ugly mug smiled back at me. Send him to Egypt or Syria - where he'll really be tortured!
3737 Brooklyn Ave NE, Box 355679, Seattle, WA 98195-6579
as they tap the letters on the keyboard -
Of powers and pleasures? Let it try.
Yeah, for me it’s only good at the right times.
You can find a recipe for just about anything on Pinterest. Visit our Pinterest boards and look for the one titled “yummy.”The original source always appears so that you can look up any recipes you are interested in.
-Have fun and enjoy!
In a face-to-face interaction we can support our verbal message with our body language, for example, the former President Bill Clinton was known as a very capable public speaker. Much of what he said in his speeches was communicated with hand gestures. Gestures are a very powerful way to amplify one’s intentions in public speaking. They also serve as a channel to bring the audience into the speech (which Clinton excelled in). This is also one of the reasons why Clinton’s supporters or even non supporters believed what he said at the time. His gestures aided his overall credibility.
Shortly after the accident (I fell down the stairs in late Jan. and broke my left fibula; also tore ligaments all across my foot and ankle), I also had the displeasure of developing a nasty case of shingles. It started in my right eye, then traveled down the side of my nose, around my mouth, back up the other side of the nose, and then around the left eye -- blah! After 2 full courses of Valtrex did nothing, I'm now about half-way through a course of Zovirax, and it seems to be doing the trick; the rash is finally drying up and clearing. Fortunately the pain hasn't been as bad as I had heard shingles pain can be, but I have yet to experience what they call post-herpetic neuralgia; this is apparently rather severe nerve pain throughout the body that comes around the end of the rash. Goody.
CONSCIENCE: You should probably step away from the keyboard.
Release your inhibitions
Heat a large frying pan and add the sesame oil, sriracha and tomato paste. When hot, add the onion, carrot, celery and salt and pepper to taste. Cook until the veggies are well softened, then add the beans and a bit more salt. Fry these up for a few minutes, then add the noodles, fish sauce and rice wine and cook until it's done to your liking. Serve with soy sauce, fish sauce, sriracha, or whatever other sauces you like here. Serves 4.
2. sauté peaches, add salt
That is, until a newly appointed manager tried to get him to wear a uniform. He promptly resigned and (according to Isabel Martin, his principal witness to the world) managed to achieve depths of indigence rivalling those of his characters Mucky Preece and Boris the Swine in Perduta gente, until he was rescued by the Americans.
Dayton’s family is rich. And his values are rooted in the Bible – that old idea that those who are blessed have a responsibility to help those who have far less. His early adulthood experience of teaching in an impoverished inner-city school also informs his thinking. “Through no choice of our own, I was born into great wealth and they were born into this abject poverty. The injustice really seared my conscience,” Dayton told the Associated Press.
One nightsgritch - a tooth collecting evening – Aggie is attacked by a bright, mysterious light. Is is a low flying glow-worm or something more sinister? Unknown to them, Aggie and her gang have just thirty days to save their kind, but time is not on their side … neither are the sprites or the Grublins.
I nod dully; something tells me a week was more than enough.
Unless you've been living under a very un-fashion conscious rock you have heard of, subscribed to, and bought from Gilt in the recent future. The premise of the website is both genius from a business sense and perfect for a consumer. The website features 36 hour sales of designer clothing from current or directly preceding seasons. From the runway Alexander McQueen to classic Ralph Lauren Purple and Black label suits, Gilt spans the spectrum.
On the way to this one, we happened upon a ramshackle building with a sign outside that said "Modern Cottages" . The building was a stone cottage with undeniable mystique, so the teenagers were once again out of the car with the camera. I was glad to let them do that, but by the time we got to the National Park, it was closed. That settled it, at least for Middle Child and her cohort: we were camping out.
Consensus: Traffic does a great job by telling its one subject through three interesting stories that are all featured with great performances, no clear-cut messages on what it’s trying to say, and a bunch tension running through the whole time but there is no real emotional impact that comes together here and instead you just sort of watch a dark flick about drugs, without any people you can care about, except for Del Toro’s character.
Real stories about children that were not in control of their lives.
no not the half painted walls ....
As we were ending our winter studies, this included the ant and earthworm habitat studies, so it was time to release the critters. Although I know it is not recommended that you release harvester ants in our area as they are sure to not survive, there were only two left and we really didn't think that it would be long before they would be gone as well. They seemed so sad and lonely in there. As for the earthworms, they were going strong and KM had a great time making me jump and squirm nearly as much as the worms were - I know it is an irrational fear, but I think it is more that I just don't LIKE them than that I am afraid of them. So we released all of the critters close to home and right into our compost container. KM was delighted to see all the worms that were already crawling in there and felt Herbert and his friends would be in good company there. We will be freecycling the Anthill and remaining supplies so that another family can enjoy learning about these incredibly complex creatures. For next session we will be hatching frogs and are awaiting the arrival of the embryos.
Spiritual renewal happens as we turn to YHWH and turn away from ourselves. And it starts in the house of YHWH. Indeed, before Y’shua returns for his people He will return IN his people. “If my people, who are called by my name will humble themselves and pray and seek my face will turn from their wicked ways then I will hear from heaven, and forgive their sins, and heal their land,” 2 Chronicles 7:14.
You’ll have to trust me on this one, but I go into this unsure of where I will end up. That probably means this series will ramble on for longer than it should, but it also means I’m pretty excited about doing it. If I end up affirming the traditional view of Christ’s birth, that’s great. If I end up rejecting it, that’s fine, too. I simply haven’t given the subject a lot of thought, except to note some of the points I’ve made above, and that means you and I will be exploring this together. I hope you’ll feel free to contribute your own thoughts, comments, even research, as a conversation is much more interesting than a monologue.
2. Make a menu plan for the week and write down a grocery list based specifically on your needs for that plan. Be precise in amounts.
The more I saw this cover the more I actually started to like it. I love how we still have the city in the background and reflected at the bottom so it shows the dystopian theme of the book and I really love that you have Tris on there looking back at the city.
You start by dropping subtle hints. “Boy, I sure hope the septic system doesn’t explode today.” Or, ”I wonder if giving those Mexican cartel guys my address was a bad idea?” If your guest doesn’t start packing, the next step is to assemble a potpourri of utensils and first aid supplies; tin snips, boning knife, a small chefs blow torch, a red-hot poker for cauterizing wounds, Bactine (no sting formula of course), and two small band-aids. No, I’m not talking about removal of those pesky in-laws. It’s the season for our outdoor friends – the relative of the arachnid family called Ixodidae. Otherwise known as the common tick.
Now, do you still wonder why some professionals accomplish definitely much more than their colleagues on a daily basis? Why there are those people who deliver plenty better results almost everyday and not just when a special task is assigned to them or they are chasing a deadline that has to be met? Why your workmates that you either started with at the same time or got hired before got promoted way ahead of you?
I think the field this year has some great teams, ut the real strength lies in the bubble teams. Iona, Ohio, Vermont, and NC State all have great chances to knock a top seed out f the tournament. Can they get all the way to the Final 4 like VCU did last year? I’d love to see that happen.
regain my cool.
Our weekend jaunt to San Antonio to celebrate my parents' 41st anniversary is a perfect example. While I was out mowing the lawn yesterday afternoon, Kate was keying in a blog entry about our trip. Now all I have to write about is how nice the lawn looks. Such is life for a Texan male suffering from Hank Hill complex.
knowing I used
And yeah, travelling is fun, and Bounty is beautiful and Fiji is full of awesome people but I’m really happy to be back in Safari Lodge trying new things and improving my kiteboarding skills.
At The Peak, overlooking Kowloon, Hong Kong. Two-strand twists pulled back in a bun.
Anyway, all of you are the ribbons on my year. Thank you for the inspiration, the support, the encouragement, the new directions and the success I've found. It's not measured in dollar signs at this point, but in winning over some grains of sand to my beach. Thank you for joining me on this adventure. I can't wait to see what 2012 brings for all of you. There's an amazing amount of talent out there and I'm fortunate to rub elbows with a lot of that great talent.
When Tim Owens’ book became available via the Tyndale House Blogger Review program, I had to get it. Its title, ‘The Search Committee,” caught my attention as I had an idea of what it would be about. I was not disappointed. And it was about more than I expected with an ending (that you will have to read for yourself) that I did not see coming.
4. I want to be more organized... I know it helps my students to be too but just the thought of changing things (or in my case buying things) doesn't make organization sound very fun!!
1). 28mm Napoleonics
Stills taken from the footage would be circulated to all police stations in the region.
There were some roadblocks and detours on this journey, as I expected, starting with the language barrier that made it impossible to follow related tweets and Facebook posts by everyday Arabs—rather than media and established blog outlets–as I had hoped. But with every new turn there was something else to be learned, new questions and complexities were added, and every loss returned a gain.
He joins speakers including Professor Ian Gilmore, president of the Royal College of Physicians, Sara Thornton, the Chief Constable of Thames Valley; and Don Shenker, Chief Executive of Alcohol Concern.
And there was no question that Gavin would be Batman! He's been planning his Halloween costume since last year! I think it's shaping up to be his favorite holiday! (He was not in a picture taking mood!)
19. Emerald Bikini (Deep Down 4) (01:28)
In regard to our Thanksgiving pairings, this worked really well with the sweet potato pie. It brought out the maple syrup notes and complimented the toasted pecans on the top. There is a great pairing with the oyster stuffing with bits of salty mushrooms and the malty sweetness of the beer. Overall, this works quite well with the majority of dishes for the Thanksgiving meal.
In the meantime, enjoy His love and beauty and grace and wonder… it’s all around you.
By 1904, he was able to build his first Pantages theatre, and from here a fierce battle with the chain of Sullivan and Considine began. Pantages began to build dozens more theatres, competing directly with every Sullivan and Considine house, eventually conquering the entire Pacific Northwest. Around the time of the stock market, Pantages sold out to RKO, and was shortly thereafter convicted of statutory rape. Upon emerging from jail in 1933 he tried to revive his vaudeville empire, but the cards were against him. He died three years later.
A flower on the windowsill
As I've noted, Poetry follows Mija, a 66 year old woman who makes her living as an occasional maid and lives with her no-account grandson. Her daughter is off in the city looking for work. As the movie opens, Mija is beginning to forget words. This is, unsurprisingly, the onset of Alzheimer's, a diagnosis that the movie confirms later. Her employer is a stroke victim who makes sexual advances toward her, though these advances aren't entirely unwelcome. Mija's grandson has been identified as one of a group of kids who raped a girl who then jumped off a bridge. On her initial visit to the hospital at the beginning of the movie, Mija sees the girl's body arrive, along with her inconsolable family. The girl haunts Mija for the entire film, and as she looks for beauty around which to organize the poem she wants to write, she is stymied at every turn by the sheer ugliness of life around her. Finding poetry within this, it turns out, is the mission of the movie, and it builds to a haunting conclusion.
Brush it with milk and place the tray into the oven and bake for 25 to 30 minutes depending upon the temperature of your oven or insert a skewer which comes out clean telling you that the roll is done.
One, I wasn’t sure about my ability to fully process my experiences in a mindful manner…understanding the complex emotions of dominant…
It is also a rather bizarre story when taken at face value. Humanity build a stone Tower to Heaven, which angers the Lord so he destroys it? I’m sorry but, what? Even with the apparent sinful nature of humanity at this stage, Why would the Lord of the world give a damn about a stone tower? There’s no way it could ever reach Heaven, and that he would go to the extra effort to confuse humanity with different languages? for me that makes no sense, its no better than flooding them, which is something the Lord promised he would never do again. It sounds like a bad cover story for a larger more destructive reason.
2 basil leaves
Ferry & Train Reservation
When that thought finally entered my brain...I glanced sideways at my one and only...he was was happily working on trim, humming away.....every once in awhile, thru out the day, I would find that he had wrote something on the paper that I had covered the table with...cuz he is sweet like that...little notes...little faces...well, I finally got up the nerve to mention the fact that we had to move the stove...and I turned around to tell him...he was writing something on the paper..
I'm sure there's a pill for that, or a six week course to self love or some other crap (actually, I am SURE there is no cure, that I will die with this affliction, but if I said that it would make me sound crazy and self loathing, which I am sure I am NOT.)
43. Be a better house keeper.
A: There’s a big wheel parked outside his house.
Beauty, as in beautiful women, and power they hold. def one of his favorite obsessions.
If you're not sure what that is, it's an unhappy Mac. No chime at start up, no nothing. It couldn't find the hard drive. Like it wasn't even in the machine.
993 ***D-X/30/1987. “The Constitution of 1787 and the Confederate States of America.” Lenoir-Rhyne College, Hickory, North Carolina. (Incorporated in Item B-6, above, pp. 125-34, 429-31 (1995).)
The next day at preschool Peyton talked about Elephants at their own "Zoo". He learned that elephants drink 50 gallons of water a day, they cover themselves in mud to stay cool and they have 26 teeth which they lose six times!
In doing so, she was acting on the authority vested in her by the school's Executive Committee, chaired by Rabbi Hanan Alexander, Professor and Chair of the Department of Education at the University of Haifa. In upholding the status quo, Ramon is in agreement with Rabbi Roth's opinion, which was also endorsed by Rabbi David Golinkin, President and Professor of Jewish Law at the Schechter Institute of Jewish Studies in Jerusalem.
Day 5: How long did it take from the time you learned how to knit, to finish your first project?
For example, I was playing one venue and noticed the sound man was wearing a Bad Brains T-shirt. I got the idea in my head to play one of their songs, then and there on acoustic guitar. You could call this a stupid idea, whimsical, novelty, or inspiration. All might be true. But to me, it was a clue even, or just something I could smell on the trail to the unknown.
The Chipettes
My latest project - The Garden Gate Mini Album: Asian Garden Gate will be going up on Wednesday. There will also be a Flower Garden Gate that will go up by late this week or early next week. Both styles will be included in the pattern (the pattern will also be available as a pattern only). Each Gate style
talk about a long lead-up to the point. but i'm getting there, promise.
So, fancy winning a small Sugar Rush to celebrate? Yep? OK. This is what I'd like you to do:
Therefore be at peace with God,
and gave her my socks
then, Mark Coker, who’s been outspoken about Amazon Select and who recently had to do some quick negotiating with PayPal to allow certain erotica books to be transacted through PayPal on his site, would be a goldmine of information at a romance convention featuring a lot of erotica, romantica and digital-only authors. His session started out promising, with slides-full of brand-new data he’d just collected getting their public debut. Geek heaven! Real data! Sadly, raw data without appropriate context or the right slicing is pretty meaningless.
It is also important to note that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) considers medicinal herbs to be dietary supplements, not drugs; as a result, they are not subject to the same regulations as prescription medications.
So I was to let my adopted children run the 300-odd square metre backyard, but their wings were not clipped. Meaning that if they went over the fence somehow, the bull terrior next door would have an early dinner. I used to have budgies once, almost 15 years ago, and I had clipped their wings during hand rearing. I figured it was much the same. Pouncing on ChickadeeTommy (the invariably more tame one) I lifted her from the coop and held her to my chest, stretching out her wing and using (I know this is horrible…) CHICKEN SHEARS to clip the flight feathers. They don’t feel the pruning I swear.
We believe the car came through the 3rd ave side of the Gowanus not the Carroll Gardens side. As there was no damage on our side to the railings or fence."
Here's a photo labeled Louise Althaus, Roseburg Oregon. Every time I look at this picture and the cinched in waist, I feel like I need to take a deep breath.
Directed by Andrew Rossi, who applies a journalistic, fact-gathering approach, the film focuses on a few individuals that give the paper its essence today. One of those is David Carr, a former drug addict who turned his life around at the age of 31 and has become one of the paper's finest reporters. Carr has a unique sense of humor to say the least. He's self deprecating, but he's also ready to pounce on someone who makes fun of him or his paper. At times he comes across as a smart ass, know-it-all, but in the final analysis, he's very loyal to his friends and his bosses and is one helluva reporter and writer.
But before we begin navigating those challenges and charting a course to success, bear (bare?) with me for a little backstory…
Row 15: Knit 1 stitch, knit 2 stitches together, knit 1 stitch, purl 1 stitch, knit 1 stitch, knit 2 stitches together, knit 1 stitch. (7 stitches)
Quite regularly.
It is 4 something in the morning and it is obvious that I cannot sleep. So guess what I decided to do? Yup! You guessed it. I decided to create a blog that I am actually going to make a serious attempt to keep current. Unlike the one that I started in November. I will save that story for another day.
"You ever been tae Penzance, Mickey"?
Hello and welcome to the gradual report. My name is Danny and I’m not wearing a shirt because it’s hot in my house. Yes, very hot. Today’s show comes from Sveter. She asks “Danny, do a show about flirt”. Okay, I will. First, you eat a bunch of bean and chi. I recommend burritos or any other Mexican food, then get some yellow or red curry. Alright, you mean flirt, not fart. That was almost dangerous.
So when you come across metalheads or other music nerds who speak in an endless torrent of broad categorical statements, condemning genres and styles of music left and right, keep in mind you're in the presence of somebody who really doesn't have the music at heart when they speak but instead they're furiously gaming you and any other onlooker, trying to either annoy you or get you on their side. Their greatest defeat is if you completely overlook their efforts and have no opinion on them whatsoever. If you do not notice them, you do not include them in your life. If you don't include them in your life, they don't exist. They feel this acutely.
Memories or moments that haunt my dreams,
Cabbages & Roses was created in the British countryside and my home, Brook Cottage, still manages to play an integral part of the designs, the company. Its where it was born and grew up, so will always remain at the core of what we do."
We’re off the disco in a bit and as you can see, Paul now looks a real smart lad. I’m dead proud of him.
Now getting back to the occupants of that stricken vessel, they were still alive. Where there is life there is hope. Obviously Paul was right. He had insight from somewhere. If he was right in that would he not be right in other things as well. In their minds they should be thinking, “We would do well to hear what he is saying.”
So my oldest child, he knows how to make me eat humble pie or crow or however you would like to phrase it. And I respect him a little more each time he does it, to be honest.
Stephen Dorf, 39, New Milford, N.J.
The form pretty much explains itself. I have a spot to put in the location, the address, admission fees for Adult, Youth and Child, whether or not it would be a day trip, if it's an indoor or outdoor activity, and would we go again! Always important, especially if it's something you have to pay for. If the kids don't enjoy themselves, why go again?
Is there another character who deserves a special mention? Incitatus - that horse has such character!
Conduit Closing
Ethan Wingfield (REP) 15.43% 788
Port Brewing Company / Pizza Port Hop 15
Also, Predictions for this weeks fantasy playoffs match ups are as follows (Winners in bold) :
So, this is the first entry of my first blog, carved in electronic-stone at 13:18 on Sunday, December 4th 2011.
This painting I finished today. It's 48x48 and about as big as I can work in my tiny space - I've been prepping this board for over a month - cleaning my brushes, rolling excess paint off my brayer and pressing scraped wax onto the surface, so it had a very good start at the beginning of the week.
Pampers Diapers or Pants $1/2
Okay, yesterday I told you why I leave forums.Today I will write about how I pick a forum!
LAG: What was your favorite moment in this novel?
The Return of the King
I'm not quite sure how I missed The Angry Snowmans the first time around two years ago when they released their first album full of Christmas joy, especially considering my annual search for cool and unusual holiday music for the CD mix I make for friends each year, but I did. My bad; my head is hung by the chimney in shame.
There's still boatloads to do, after all, it's a quite an undertaking to set up an automated brewery that will triple the size of the one that has been producing 15,000 barrels of beer annually for a while now.
I’m hard at work on my original writing, but I’m not giving up on fanfic quite yet. I’ve got a couple of unfinished stories and a few ideas for projects both large and small, and since my time is limited, I’d thought I’d see what you all are most interested in reading.
This, however, has flown in the face of what many of us have come to expect from the kinds of places we set aside for children to play. In fact, the centerpiece of just about every playground in America now is what we call the "climber," a collection of ladders, stairways, bridges and slides mashed together into a tidy, compact unit, beneath which is generally a smooth spongy surface that supposedly protects bones and skin in the case of falls. There's nothing like that in our outdoor space and I imagine that if one's child is "a little monkey," our outdoor classroom with its sandpit, workbench, art tables, garden, windmill stage, boat, and unicycle merry-go-round might not look like it has a lot of offer by way of climbing.
then offers it back to fate
A strange loneliness has turned into
"Blue Skies" Felt by MFT
1/3 c quinoa flour
JS: I completely agree with you Jack. Horror writers are some of the most passionate out there. Writing good horror is hard. Really hard. Sure, you can gore things up and make a passage uncomfortable to read but can you really entice those reactions of actual fear out of a reader? Gore is uncomfortable but fear is primal. It’s not an easy feat to elicit fear mainly because not everyone reacts the same way to the same thing. I’m a firm believer that you have to immerse yourself in your work in order to get those reactions. As a horror writer, you owe it to your readers. Horror is defined in its plainest terms as an intense feeling of fear, shock or disgust. While I’m writing I like to build on those emotions, sometimes alone and sometimes in harmony. I find that the intense build to a singular moment can be a bigger pay off than injecting horrific moments just for horror’s sake. It’s that rollercoaster ride within the pages that sticks with you.
I just realised that it has been exactly a month since my last post and I apologise for the long pause. I have been going through a phase where SL has lost its fascination for me and at this point I am not really sure if I will get it back. I just don’t feel the inspiration anymore to explore, put together outfits or take blog pictures. I log in, clear my messages, look at my inventory and then decide to log off again.
…and again the glow will make amends, at least momentarily. For the breach leaves a scar even if the breach never existed and the organ that rules them all will not allow the breach to be forgotten.
Round the terrific loins he seiz’d the panting, struggling womb;
Three years ago I started to write. My compulsion to write wasn’t triggered by my wisdom, intelligence or skill, but rather by a desperation to make sense of some heart-breaking times in my life. First came my cancer, then Dad’s dementia which led to his death, Mum’s five-year battle with brain cancer which sadly ended last year, and also my own acquisition of two ‘bionic’ hips after years of living with a congenital hip disorder. Somewhere in the mish-mash of all this horror grew a small seed of longing to write. This post is a milestone – 100 stories - my therapy and release. The unexpected bonus has been connecting with some fabulous blogging buddies who have become my cyber soul-mates. Your encouraging comments and your own inspiring posts often make my day. Through our writing we’ve exchanged some ideas rarely shared in everyday life. What a privilege this has been!
* Your daily routine includes using scent eliminating shampoo in your shower
I finally made it home to Michigan. YES! I did. However, I'm mighty sad it was sans bunnies. :( I still have to find a way to get them here soon. Hopefully I'll land a job, and be able to have them with me by the end of July. I didn't realize how expensive bunnies are to fly or ship. Chris has them in his new apartment safe and sound so.
Machines guns are better than bows and arrows, that’s why the WHOLE world uses them.
I describe myself as endlessly curious. Secretly, I love that about me. (It's certainly better than being "intellectually incurious" as one White House staffer described President George W. Bush.) I also love that my appetite to learn about foreign history, culture is so easily indulged. I adore my little multi-cultural suburb. There are so many opportunities to connect with someone from someplace different. But sometimes my ego catches me off guard. And sometimes the little jerk points out that this curiosity only makes me weird because so few of the Americans in my circle possess that same level interest.
Fun fact, this area has been used to film over 20 movies including the 10 Commandments (1923) and Pirates of the Caribbean (about a mile away at Pt Sal.) I hear you can still find bits of the Egyptian city from 10 commandments buried. Unfortunately, the area the city was built on is roped off most of the year because of the Snowy Plover, an endangered bird.
Rated PG. (Very funny movie, excellent cast including Tim Allen and Sigourney Weaver, an excellent storyline. A highly enjoyable movie for any age.)
This is about as different from the Caley Sample Room as you can get but that doesn't detract from the fact that it's still a great place - a more traditional, old fashioned pub with large painted glass windows with the McEwan's logo, a wrap-around 3/4 style bar, small tables with enough room for a pint and a newspaper (and that's about it) and a great floor - partially wooden, partially chequer-tiled. I remember going here after a rugby game and having to drink Caledonian 80/-, just because everyone else was, but now it's Stewart Brewing that have their Diggers 80/- on a couple of the taps. Also available were Broughton Clipper IPA, their Coulsons EPA, and Caledonian Flying Scotsman and their 2point8. Since I'd had the Adnams 'lite' beer earlier in the afternoon I though I'd try the 2point8, especially since the beer miles involved from the brewery would have been minimal, but it wasn't too good, a bit bland and there was definitely some diactyl kicking about at the end.
I had a revelation. I couldn't bring myself to vanquish this bully, but I knew someone who could.
Speaking ahead of the IMF’s annual meeting attended by the world’s leading finance ministers and central bankers in Washington, Lagarde said: “We are seeing a light recovery, blowing in a spring wind, but we are also seeing some very dark clouds on the horizon – which is another way of saying there is a bit of recovery, timid and a fragile situation with still high risks.”
I have no idea, there just isn't enough in a day
Treadmill. 15 Minutes. 2.2km. Not as fast as Friday, but I actually found this easy-ish. I would have gone on for longer but I found my knee and shin on my right side was actually feeling a bit sore.
As a bonus, they also bequeathed their wealth to the people. Their multi-billion dollar progeny now superintend great philanthropic causes that bear their names: Vanderbilt, Ford, Chase, Mellon, Rockerfeller, Carnegie, Morgan... By the way, those are all modern-day liberal names, with much of the money going to progressive causes.
Yesterday was our 5 year wedding anniversary. He makes me happier than I thought possible. Happy Anniversary Hubs!
The study of design patterns has been excessively ad-hoc, and some have argued that the concept sorely needs to be put on a more formal footing. At Oopsla 1999, the Gang of Four were (with their full cooperation) subjected to a show trial, in which they were “charged” with numerous crimes against computer science. They were “convicted” by <U+2154> of the “jurors” who attended the trial.
So this is my scheduled test.
Why do I think I need
Cold wind outside, and the crackling of a roaring fire, the prickle of goosebumps on your legs, the muted voice of the priest reading out words you can barely hear…
The Smith's
Hi, my name is Katie and I need a garden intervention.
"Cylons," Neesa stated calmly and coolly amidst the destruction. She was often referred to as the Ice Queen, for she was rather cold and methodical, she cared not for the pretentiousness of emotions.
So observers are expecting to see a bit more action in politically mature Miri and Sibu.
Dae Su tracks down Woo Jin's penthouse apartment using a proverb that Woo Jin quoted. Woo Jin and his bodyguard escort him to the right floor when he can't figure out the access code. In the elevator, Dae Su says "You had sex with your sister." Once they reach his place, Woo Jin tells his guards to attack. Dae Su easily beats then all except for Woo Jin's main bodyguard, who doesn't fight, but tells him to be nice. Woo Jin explains to him that the rumor got around to everyone that Soo Ah was pregnant, causing her to develop a fake pregnancy. Dae Su accuses him of killing his sister to cover up the pregnancy. He notices Woo Jin has a picture of Soo Ah on the bridge she jumped from dated July 5th, although she supposedly died alone.
The only precision rifle I've got ready at the moment is my long range AR, and that tops out at 600 in no wind (a 75gr bullet just doesn't have the mass to resist major crosswinds)... There's never no wind at boomershoot. I'd pretty much be limited to 400 yards; and our spot is on the long range side of the firing line.
“I work hard everyday so you can sit around? Fuck you!”
I am wearing all ZARA, RAY-BAN aviators
If you are from the same era as I am, you will love this. Memories are the world's most potent ingredients...
Now bring on Mother's Day! Always a great day, isn't it?
Liberty is only a heartbeat away from the authority and power that seeks to shackle us. Let us be ever vigilant and steadfast. Believe not those who would convince you that government, and the power it wields is benign.
I’m working on two further books about Anna, following on from ‘Coping with Chloe’. I’ve also written a story about a girl called Mollie who happens to be a non-speaker. It’s called ‘The Mollie Awards’ and I’m hoping it will come out before too long.
His unconventional political manifesto states that ‘the majority’, as defined by the government of the day, is always right.
The rain join me in my sorrows to share.
I plan to brew a couple of session beers next. I think I'll replicate my last Porter recipe, first. I've tweaked my "Sherpa Porter" recipe over the years, and now it's just about perfect. The last batch was loved by one and all who tried it. Following-up with a Kölsch would be nice. Having a Kölsch right at the start of warm weather gets me thinking of Summer.
Facebook has become a thorn in my side.
A few years ago the rotisserie oven broke. A couple of weeks prior to Thanksgiving my mom was giving the (now old) rotisserie oven a test run to make sure it was ready. Well, she found out that the mechanism that turned the fowl was not working properly. She asked my dad to take a look at it to see if he could fix it. She did not want to have to spend the money to buy a new oven. She left the oven on a table in the laundry room/back office so my dad could tinker with it.
Splash of light olive oil
Manila, the people of Sagada have devised a unique burial ritual involving the placement of dead relatives into caves after carefully preparing a hollowed out log. These coffins are carved by the elderly before they die; if they are too ill or weak their son or other close relative will do it for them. This ritual involves pushing the bodies into the tight spaces of the coffins, and often bones are cracked and broken as the process is completed.
In fact.. you podcast listeners might be interested to know that Hunter is also the voice behind the Never Not Knitting podcast theme song! We have known Hunter for years. He is an amazing and talented guy, and proved to be a great help on the photoshoots as well. He worked the second camera for me and helped us carry coats, props, and even my daughters pink sippy cup. What a guy.
But there's one law in particular that we gents in particular can moan about, try and buck, but it will ultimately win through:
13/06/11 Our tenth day, and I'm sleeping through the night again, thank goodness. Our host/landlady, Claire, says the rule is that it takes one day for every hour travelled from the other side of the world, and that observation has been absolutely right in my case; husband, however, was back to normal after 3 days, so obviously practise helps.
<U+FFFD> Good Shepherd Roof Replacement Project
Now, I absolutely love dumplings. And these prawn dumplings were amazing! They were $6.50 for five of them. Each had 1 or 2 prawns inside and lots of other delicious ingredients. At first I thought they wouldn’t be enough to fill me up, but by the time I finished, I was stuffed! Lok Lok serves them to you in bamboo steamers, and you can choose your own sauces. I would definitely recommend the visit. Will be going again to try the noodle soup!!
Resources are depicted in an abstract manner by cards — unlike games like Catan, though, they are not expended when used. Rather, they represent a player’s potential to produce a certain amount of that resource per turn. For example, if a player has two cards with “wood” symbols down on the table, they may play a card which requires one or two “wood” resources to use, but the wood is not expended in the process. In order to get the ball rolling, each civilisation has its own “starting resource” which it doesn’t require any cards to make use of — and player may pay gold to one another to “borrow” resources. Again, this does not expend the other player’s resources, nor does it stop them from using the same resources themselves.
And people still get raped. And people still die. And people still die inside. We’ve just gotten used to it because we’re afraid that our voices aren’t loud enough.
Going to the fabric stores are too much of a temptation. I see something I adore and cannot resist the temptation to purchase, without any thought as to how I am going to use it. Here are some ideas for two patterns I couldn’t leave behind.
“So, you’re not expecting anyone?”
2. Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Salt it, add the pasta and cook to al dente, 3 minutes. Drain, reserving a ladleful of water.
When they persist with borrow-and-spend stimulus, foreign creditors dump their government bonds and threaten to shut down their entire economy.
5 cups torn romaine lettuce
-red (what I have now)
I guess I should be grateful, more than anything, for Chet having a tripod to use, otherwise we'd be treated to some overt shaky-cam work that would suggest either (A) a documentary feel, a la Cannibal Holocaust, or (B) Amateur Night At The Movies.
This is deeply on my heart after talking with someone who walked out on his wife and kids. “Husbands, love your wives, just as Christ loved the church and gave himself up for her, to make her holy, cleansing her by the washing with water through the word.”
Using a thick slice of lemon, coat the entire inside of a champagne flute with juice, as well as the outer lip 1/2 to 1 inch. Pour in sugar, creating a thin coating. Place glass in the freezer for a half hour. In a mixing glass, combine cognac, kummel and bitters with ice and stir. Strain liquid into the sugar-coated flute and top with champagne.
4 birds
I know some may be offended by that statement, but look at their "Top" universities. Georgetown: which allows Vagina Monolouges, Notre Dame: honoring President Obama with a degree, and Boston College: a students group handed out condoms within the dorms. Or how about Loyola University of Chicago: hosted its 2011 "Advocate Annual Drag Show". I could keep going, but I'd prefer to let people do their own research.
Ahem. Moving on.
Marina R. Gertsberg, 25, New York, N.Y.
Everyone knows that you can find the best deals on computers and electronics online. Wouldn’t it be nice to find those same massive discounts on things like designer clothes, jewelry and watches or women’s shoes? The fact is that you can. Over the past five years or so, the internet marketplace has undergone its own Big Bang, and the result is a whole universe of shopping choices for all the things that you want most. That only leaves one question – where are all the bargains?
With wifesy, I want to be this better version of myself. With her, I strive for more. It used to be – for me, in comedy – that I only strived to pay my bills and to keep myself on the hamster wheel of the paid comic life. Now, I strive to create. I strive – daily – to make something that is truly mine. I know that this is the only way I’ll ever be rewarded what I’m worth. If that day ever comes, it will only come through this action of fingertips to keyboard. This daily action that was inspired and encouraged by wifesy.
Round The Twist, another DVD box set in my collection. I loved this programme, it was so different and that little bit more gross then anything else on TV at the time. Particular favourite episode is the one where Bronson finds a green cabbage patch baby.
Basically pour out the sugar into a bowl add a tiny amount amount of water you only need about 1 teaspoon for a full cup of sugar and mix really well. If the sugar is too wet it wont work. Add a dot of food colouring and mix in well. Other pastel shades look really pretty too but i only had pink :)
Even with no psychological anesthesia to dilute the awful crushing reality of impending death, even in this crisis, Jesus’ focus was unwavered. He saw his mother, he saw his disciple is what the Bible says. The operative word is ‘SAW’. Jesus’ eyes saw his mother and his beloved disciple and as they focus on him, he makes them focus on each other. They looked up at him and he made them look at each other.
But, dang, the food is too good. We’ve been out to eat every day. Tonight, I gotta cook before we turn into roli-polies.
10 Friday Night
And finally, last but not least the Summers Studio ceramic focal, the blue melon beads, and brass toggle were all used to create this piece. Lots of Copper wire, some teal and magenta colored freshwater pearls, some rondelles of Aquaterra (also called Sediment) Jasper and some chain and I came up with this...
“One girl ran away – and that led us back to the issue. The father beat the mother, and he was not her biological father, so the girl wanted to run away. This was a common story – where a girl doesn’t live with both biological parents, we see many family problems like this.”
Currently on pump: Blue Bee Bitter 4.1% D
Imagine yourself free.
Fallenwood—a land where magic is the life force, dragons are sages, and wizards good and evil battle for supremacy. When 23-year-old Ash is thrust into the middle of Fallenwood’s power struggles, she is also forced to face her own inner battles. Life on Earth was hard enough on Ash, who is locked in grief for her stepfather. Now, the fate of Fallenwood rests on her shoulders. She must destroy the Great Crystal—the catalyst for all the land’s magic. As the kingdoms prepare for war, Ash must look inside to find the power to save the world, and herself.
1 construct
It also gave me the chance to ink up some of my newly purchased stamps. It was unusual for me as I have gotten so used to using digital stamps and the ability to re-size images where you can't with clear pvc stamps, so it was a nice change up.
Why are people not wanting to get married? Maybe society has made it easier for folks not to get married. After all - who wants to be "tied" down for the rest of their life? Don't you want to be an independent person? Who wants to work through an argument when you can just walk away and move on to the next bump in the road with someone else?
5/7- PCW Extreme Political TV
The Supperclub Challenge was one of the seven dishes - an appetizer called Puttanesca Panzarottis. Basically, they are mini-calzones. The original recipe includes anchovies but since sea animals should get to celebrate life and the holidays as well, I substituted spinach. And of course, the cheeses used are vegan and cow-friendly. I also omitted sugar from the tomato sauce because I just never use sugar in tomato sauce.
16. “Walking Far From Home” by Iron & Wine
Hi Crafty Friends,
Day 11 - one of my husband's favorites! Tim showed us how to use shrink plastic then dip it into UTEE in the Melting Pot for a neat look of thick, aged glass. Since I had cut out the Carved Ornaments I decided to not let the second go to waste. As I mentioned on my Tim version, I don't have a melting pot but just kept pouncing embossing ink and UTEE over the ornament until I was happy with the results.
So is Brigitta’s next-door-neighbor a secret superstar? We can talk about that later. I need to go to the grocery store and read some headlines.
I wanted something light for dessert, so I went for passionfruit sorbet with little almond tuilles on top and a puff of coconut whipped cream.
This post appeared with a picture of a handsome young man in a uniform on an ad that popped up on one of my free email sites. I don’t know if it was just a come-on for an eager, available and lonely woman, or if it was a sincere search. But it started me thinking.
Depaul University
(Vegan Hugs)
First off, do I need to say anything else other than pork belly? I don't think so, as in my book, pork belly ranks at the top of the list, yes, even above the bacon! Sin! Say it isn't so! But it is, sorry bacon!
Pride is on full display in Las Vegas. This sin is really at the heart of the Las Vegas experience. There is no sadder site than a bachelorette party where the bacherlorette in question wears a plastic tiara, drinks out of a gold plastic goblet encrusted with bling that spells out “Bachelorette” while kissing her girlfriends on the lips to the delight of all male passers-by. The bachelorette is the star of the show, and the afternoon I observed such a group poolside, any whim experienced by the bachelorette was to be fulfilled. Behaving as though in one of those ads on TV, the gaggle of girls faux-dirty danced with one another, taunting males with their girl-on-girl kisses, exagerrated outbursts of “Whoooo!!!!” and other activities which appeared pointless from my point of view, but surely stoked their imaginations as being celebrities and fabulous for a day (or afternoon).
Koningshoeven Quadrupel Ale (No Photos)
But finally they realized they needed a new dawn.
As much as I deny with the irony inside
That brioche tart did pull the memory out of her heart.
Where will be the Park Slope shop be located?
In conclusion, I wish to go to my own words during my trial in 1964 - they are as true today as they were then:
Legal Mumbo Jumbo:
www.co.cumberland.nc.us/tax.asp
and hair cutting diva Lori trimmed my hair (and cleaned my office -- nothing better than the smell of pine-sol --- thanks Lori ) I managed to dash home and wash out the trimmings and actually see my yard in the light of day.
As Atlantic Yards Report suggests, she likely picked up her parlance directly from the developer. The Observer reports that Ms. Burden met with the developer/subsidy-collector Bruce Ratner only a few months before her remark. (See: Ratner Meets With Burden, by Matthew Schuerman, September 6, 2006) comments. According to that report Burden “wouldn’t give her own thoughts” but said of Ratner and Atlantic Yards “he did not mention scaling it back.”- (If you check your dates, the scaling-back reference is because this is exactly when the drama of the project’s faux size-reduction was taking center stage.)
As to the novel itself, it's an entertaining read... but I must admit I did struggle with it. I think the story's about defecting scientists... or possibly double agents... or perhaps nuclear weapons... and herein lies the problem (well, my problem): pretty much all the way through I literally had no idea what the hell was going on.
Some time passed when one morning a knock came at our door. A man informed us that Mrs. Stanton had went “berserk” and they were waiting for the law to come. The man started wheedling my mother to come over to the Stanton’s and see what she could do with the woman for he had no idea what to do. This man was the local constable and was very afraid of this madwoman. Mom reduced him to shame over his cowardliness but did go over.
Chestnut soup with porcini mushrooms, maple glazed onions & sage croutons with Boulevard Nutcracker Ale - 5.9% ABV.
This basil was put in a jar 2 weeks ago and the roots are already starting to form.
The back of the paper is smoothly bended so I must be doing it right, but...Uh oh! Those reds bled outside the lines on the Neenah paper I was using. How can I prevent that?
Some people have said that they found the story slow going, and I would agree, but I did enjoy a lot of the back history and description of the differences between the races. There was a lot of beauty to the story, and a lot of nuances to the differences between the culture of the two races and the way they saw things differently. The truth is, I really did enjoy the story, even if I don’t like the way McKinley ended, or rather, didn’t end, it.
awards show.
- ¾ cup unsweetened cocoa powder
3. Rudolph, the Red-Nosed Reindeer
Hope you like the card and I hope you have a great weekend.
My husband! He doesn't read novels only on a rare occasion.
Comparison shopping is essential to find the service that best fits your needs and finances. Overall, though, BookTango looks like a reasonably competitive service--as long as you read the fine print, ignore the ridiculously overpriced $189 package, and are prepared to resist the expensive marketing services BookTango's parent company wants to sell you (these are prominently featured on BookTango's website). Authors who choose BookTango should be aware that Author Solutions is a relentless marketer, and should expect to be solicited for other Author Solutions services--including, very likely, a premium membership in AS's Author Learning Center (cost: $149 per year; trial subscriptions are included in all BookTango packages).
Heat a stockpot or large oven over medium heat, add olive oil and when hot add the sliced garlic and 2 of the bay leaves. Cook until garlic in brown on both sides stirring all while. Remove garlic and bay leaves from the pot with a slotted spoon. Add the trinity (onion, celery, bell pepper) and sauté over medium-low heat until onion edges start to brown, about 6 to 8 minutes, stirring frequently to caramelize. Add the tomatoes cooking another 2 minutes.
Meeka
In the novel, the answer may not be what you’d think. IN THE AFTER should be ready for press in late 2012.
I truly enjoyed the class, did stuff I never thought I'd ever try to do. I hope you'll check it out!
1. What are your weaknesses?
You see, if clothes make the man, your clothes made you a bank robber. No word of a lie. You ought to consider things like that when you get dressed for a run. In May. On a warm night.
Kilgore writes:
Wow. Ninety days in Costa Rica.
What had she done? They are in the middle of her forehead. I had to pause the tv and try to figure it out. Did she have a lift? A little botox? An accident - so she had to draw them on? Were these fore.head.brows on purpose?
Halfway through the Q & A at Monday's Manchester University sell-out debate between Martin Amis, Ed Husain and Maureen Freely on Literature and Terrorism, a questioner asked: 'Do you think we can get back to Literature?'
This has very little to do with the many unique features of this administration. It is typical of any administration under siege, and it is as understandable and inevitable as it is unfortunate and even dangerous. I know it well, having seen it with my own eyes during the Iran-Contra siege of the Reagan White House 25 years ago, when the president’s men and women concentrated all their energies and all their passions on “saving” the president from what many of them believed was the return of Watergate. I don’t know if the Obama faithful have an historical template for the current crisis, but their behavior, like Obama’s, is altogether familiar. The White House is hermetically sealed to reality and the president simply repeats his mantras and tries to look unconcerned, even confident and feisty.
God is Good!
Leo Graham & The Upsetters - News Flash
The last time we were at Phnom Penh, we didn’t try the Butter Beef. I’ve heard a lot of good reviews about the Butter Beef so we had to try it. Served with cilantro, crispy garlic, and their special marinating sauce, it tastes a lot like beef tataki from Japanese restaurants. It was really good (we wound up gettiing a 2nd order) but I was expecting it to taste more buttery given the name.
Life getting to you? Take a walk. It could literally save your life.
Abraham Nethanel Ilowitz, 51, New York, N.Y.
incompetency appalls me. Yes, there are times when suing is justified. But on the other 99% of the time when suing someone for stepping on a crack that you were able to see with your two God given eyes hardly seems justifiable.
But we do not force it. If the kids wanted their own rooms and beds, they would get them; in fact, I regularly ask them if they would like their own rooms. When they come to bed a rustle around for a bit, I can usually get right back to sleep after a quick hug or a few peaceful words. When I need more sleep, I move to a different room with no frustration or malice. When I choose intimacy with my partner, we get creative. When I wake up, usually far earlier than anyone else, I do so as quietly and respectfully as possible---and everyone else does the same. It works, and works well. In fact, it is essential to our deep connection as a family.
Now Ettling sweeps Marx. This is a close round. Ettling is on top and raining down some blows. Marx is trying to keep him off with is feet, and then Ettling lands in side control. He’s going for the mount and Marx is turning. Now Ettling has his back, but he’s high. He might get bucked off.
-hello?! paper bags?!
More than two thousand miles all the way
Chapter two of The Big Short – which was excerpted in Vanity Fair, and works almost as well as a standalone article – illustrates this beautifully. It begins by introducing you to Michael Burry, a 32-year-old hedge fund manager. Burry, you discover, wanted to understand the sub-prime mortgage bond market. And Lewis explains pithily what he found:
At Riverbend, and on both sides of the river, young singles of Atlanta had gathered with their coolers, mesh lawn chairs, and staked out viewing venues to watch this “event.” Waving at us from apartment balconies and the shore, applauding our derring -do, I guess, they cheered us on our journey. Perhaps these denizens of the river knew what was about to happen and were there to watch the "fun"?
And the things you hold true,
Learn home brewing techniques from the Kansas City Home Brew club.
caused by an attack as
Highway 61 Revisited
And as I look upon your delicate face,
This is all a bastardization of the original story by Gogol, whose protagonist was Russian, a Protestant. His son marries a Polish girl, a Catholic, during the religious war between the two countries in the 1600's, and the Russian father simply kills his son to eliminate the shame.
Some of the marks above were already on the papers I used. The dark ink marks and various pastel marks were part of the process. We also started to join pieces of prepared papers and fabrics together to work towards either a finished piece or a series of small pieces,
The dress waist is a little different than what you see in the pictures in the book. The tie is integrated into the waist. If you want a tie like the picture, use the Mary's Fancy Sash tie in the book and that will cover the curved waistband really well. It's a little wider than the picture but it looks great. That's what my student made for her sash in the previous post.
Cameron really is trying to give us a story here, and he’s trying to offer social commentary, and he’s trying to have a real environmental consciousness, and he’s trying – whether it’s the conflict between industry and environment, or the conflict between two different cultures – to suggest that we can still move forward as we hold onto who we are.
The couple has served in Chad with Africa Inland Mission since 2007, and they have four young children under the age of 7. Clermont is also a registered nurse and grew up as a missionary kid, or “MK,” in Africa.
Before you can make a career choice you have to learn about yourself. Your values, interests, and skills, in combination with certain personality traits, will make some careers especially suitable for you and some particularly inappropriate.
What kind of alien approaching them? I cant really tell more about this actually, because their alien is kind of scare the sunlight and wearing some armor suit all the time. When the alien launch the barrier, it become 3 Destroyer ship vs 4 Alien ship, which is kind of unfair for human side.
Emmylou Harris - vocal
13-American Leather
The rest of the month was pretty easy going. She had follow ups from the hospital stay and also physical therapy. It was very light physical therapy because we all felt like she needed a break and to be able to just concentrate on staying healthy.
Rafael Gil: There are a lot of people who are not with us because they do not know what we are about. We are all in this together, those people who are working and those who are unemployed, the police and the college student. We are the 99%.
the main one being Jorden needed to be closer to a real bathroom.
Many Templars fled to Portugal and Spain but legend claims they shipped the bulk of their treasures to Scotland where they found safety with their kilted brother Knights led by Robert the Bruce.
Madeleine is now saying it's hers and she is going to start feeding her!
The site states "Hyperthyroidism is the most common hormone abnormality in cats. It is very rare in dogs. It is a disease of older cats. The average age at which it is first diagnosed is 13. Nine out of ten cats that develop hyperthyroidism are over ten years old."
And knitters in general.
“Are the stars the lights in the cities of God?” I asked softly.
Intrigued? I’ll tell you….
Hermione is an only child, but ends up with an honorary family. I'm an only child, but only biologically. My cousins and I were raised very closely- we saw them about once a month, I think. Being the second oldest, I learned pretty early most of the lessons that come with having siblings. We're closer than most cousins. Besides them, I've been lucky to have grown up in one church, resulting in a church family; I've become so close with a few my friends AND their families that I'm often referred to as the extra daughter; and I have two sisters I met on youth group retreats; we mutually recognized our sisterhood within hours of our first meeting. These are not just friends, they are family.
Then in the jar I layer diced angel food cake, sliced strawberries, and the whipped mixture. You can make as much or as little as you like of this sweet treat.
A detailed report on the Balochistan situation was presented before the committee, however, the committee members expressed complete dissatisfaction with it.
reported, “I said it all day and all night, and before long the light
Dad said that we were going out for dinner the next day since he didn't want Mom to wear out completely. While we normally enjoyed a traditional dinner with all the trimmings, they set the example that year that being together took precedence.
I can think of four things off the top of my head that are awesome:
it is ridiculous to suppose
...Or even convince me otherwise that it's a safe procedure and worth the effort/money!
I've been using spelling "boxes" as the format for my spelling tests this year. You know- the boxes where there are tall boxes for letters like d and b and long boxes for things like g and y. It has greatly helped my visual learners and has helped my kiddos so much.
Today we went outside and did some squirt gun artwork.
And now for this week’s haiku!
The Joint Chiefs of Staff reportedly advised the President that significant reduction in U.S. force levels in Iraq – beyond recommendations made by General Petraeus and endorsed by the White House – are necessary to ensure that the military is able to respond to other threats. According to a Los Angeles Times report,“the Joint Chiefs in recent weeks have pressed concerns that the Iraq war has degraded the U.S. military’s ability to respond, if needed, to other threats, such as Iran. The chiefs are pushing for a significant decrease in troop levels once the current buildup comes to an end – perhaps to about half of the 20 combat brigades now in Iraq. Along with support units, that would lower the U.S. presence to fewer than 100,000 troops from the current 162,000.” (Los Angeles Times, 8/24/07)
Free to do as he wished, Carkner signed with Florida where he played the final four years of his career, helping the miracle Panthers reach the 1996 Stanley Cup finals before losing to Colorado.
Whitney and I had our gym boyfriends. They were very cute, not at cute as TJ, but pretty cute. One day we decided to try a new exercise. A piece of advice: never try a new exercise in front of your gym boyfriend, you will fail and look stupid. We had been doing calf presses on the back of a step so the next logical move would be the seated calf press with added weight.
Hajj – a pillar of Islam
I knew her choice as soon as I read the note aloud. 6 times she has been allowed fancy dress, 5 times she has worn the princess dress and on 1 occasion I persuaded her to go as a pirate.
Psalm 65: 2-8 says (the Message): We all arrive at your doorstep sooner or later, loaded with guilt, our sins too much for us—but You get rid of them once and for all.
It was abit bulky though - oops!!
Kino is the longeest running short film nights in Manchester and the North West, we’ve been running these nights for over fifteeen years in an assorment of venues, and our latest venue the Black Lion is centrally located and walkable from the centre of Manchester.
Number of times I watched a mid-school production of High School Musical = 4
My spirit was released.
b.) the input, not the pattern.
Responding to the Problems of Radiation at Fuel Pool at Unit 4
The number of individuals sensitive to fragrances is growing, according to this article titled Dangerous Fragrances. As many as 30 percent of people show some type of physical reaction to scented products—and for some, the reaction can be severe.
We had an EASTER CARD CHALLENGE and these ladies made such beautiful cards with Robyn's images. The ladies were given a choice of using either "BARBARA BUNNY" or "CHICKIE" for their card.
How would you feed yourself and your family?
Association pour la santé publique du Québec - For upholding the values and principles of CIMS' One Voice Campaign by integrating the Mother-Friendly Childbirth Initiative into the Québec Public Health Association and it's key role in the success of Enfanter Le Monde/ Birthing The World: An Interdisciplinary Conference on Best Practices in Perinatal Care (Québec City, Canada, November 25-26, 2010).
This app gives you lots of different dinosaur puzzles to solve. The only thing is that you could do them all and then run out of puzzles to solve. Good for the first half of the Kindergarten year.
For those who want to know more about this work you can read my website www.QigongEnergyHealing.com . I was the past Secretary of the International Tibetan Qigong Association and found I had a gift for distant energy healing after recovering from a serious spinal cord injury.
All the recommendations for people with insomnia are based on classical conditioning:
Since 2000, Pixmania Group has been building a technical infrastructure and gathering a pool of e-commerce knowledge which makes it a leading expert in multi-channel retail in 26 countries. But they managed to do this by their dishonest practices.
2 carrots, peeled
P.S. I've always wanted to be a hero like you. I'm praying for you.
Christians have been targeted by militias for murder and kidnapping — in part, some say, because many are likely to have family abroad able to pay ransom demands as high as $50,000.
Wow, see how thoughts build and spiral, mentally attacking myself? No wonder I cried. I am my own bully. I guess my dad fed those thoughts to me daily, so it is hard to stop them from forming. When I recognize them, I can easily stop them, but when too many things happen, or it involves my kids, the reactions are stronger. My mommy protection kicks in and sends those negative thoughts into overload.
If there’s something i’ve been struggling with these years it has to still be time management. I’ve improved a lot over the last year, but I still often find myself coding for 18 -20 hours straight before turning in some assignments. Always start at least reading the assignment specifications as soon as it is posted, so that at least you’re thinking about how to solve certain solutions with enough time. Other than that, I’d recommend becoming really good with SSH to avoid the need of going to the EBU computer labs for small changes in your code that you just thought about.
A young inspiring stunt man needs to raise money to give his step-father a heart transplant in order to kick his ass.
I would love to hear thoughts on this from Jews.
And the journey continues……..
Lets just say TGIF!! For sure. I think God made Fridays to make up for the bad Mondays, Bad Tuesdays, Bad Wednesdays and even worst Thursday.
Bella is in production right now and will begin shipping Tuesday, March 9. We will start taking pre-orders for Bella on Friday.
Could she be oh-so-helpful and get Madelina to her birthday party? 'Cause we're, like, a little busy trying to find our cows that escaped. Laura was the first of many to exclaim "The whole herd?", referring to our herd of 42 grassfed cattle of varying ages, sizes and maturity levels. Thankfully, no. They were still happy as clams (what does that mean?) in their pasture.
I can't get out of bed.
"blog or sew? blog or sew? sew or blog? blogorsew blogorsew blogorsew?"
spend the afternoon working in the garden, we drove back to Square
The presenters did apologize after the second instance but Ofcom decided that the broadcast had breached rule 2.3 of the regulators broadcasting code which states that material which causes offence must be justified by the context.
I have written before that my recent eye problems have all but ruined my love of reading. Any more than a 30 minute session (sometimes less) now leads to painful eye strain and (even more) blurred vision, which can last for days. Reading a good novel is fairly useless now, as it just takes so long to do it that I've forgotten the early parts of the story before I reach the end! So these days I try to look out for collections of short stories, anecdotes etc etc (suggestions always welcome)... My trusty love of comics has also been a a great help - things that I can read for half an hour or so and perhaps not pick up again for a while without it mattering (although I do so miss getting involved in a nice, long complex novel).
This gravy will be mouth watering for those who love the combination of hot, sour, sweet and salt taste. This gravy is mainly prepared when there is a mass gathering like temple function or free Anna dhans. I think the reason behind is that a whole pumpkin will give lot of cut pieces needed for the crowd. Moreover pumpkin is reasonably cheaper than other vegetables. I don’t find any other reason. If anybody know any other reason can let me know.
This next one is my Totally Papercrafts card and this week our theme is..
2 achieve
I had a lot of fun ditching the patterned paper and keeping it simple with some colored polka dots, I mean, how can you go wrong with dots, right?
Amos’s Early Bird
Police announced they would be moving in and gave people time to leave. According to UC police spokesperson Lt Eric Tejada, police gave a warning to leave every minute for ten minutes. Two people who stayed on the tract were arrested for trespass. 7 others who were waiting outside the property were arrested for unlawful assembly for failure to disperse after a dispersal order.
Raised in nobility, Kard was born the first son of Sir Larnedhel Thoronarth, brother to Duke Inglaroch. He always felt more at home in the words surrounding his ancestral tower – hunting game to provide the other Noble houses with the delicacies they so crave and learning the beginnings of tracking and archery. Taught to be extremely ruthless from a young age, Kard grew up with very few friends spending the majority of his time alone. After a mysterious falling out with his father Kard decided to join the Royal Guard, to better use his skills to protect the crumbling Mener dynasty. Years spent training in woodcraft have made him agile and cunning, using these attributes to better serve the Royal House. His noble background has lent him a strong base in the beginnings of reading and writing. His strong sense of honour and justice is what lead him to join the Guard, and his very fast reflexes have saved him on many occasions. The Guard have taught him to be a novice at spotting and he’s put this to good use in his time among them.
a little bit about this nicey: Paul Lowe, a real Norwegian Viking who came to New york 6 years ago and didn't leave. Runs Sweet Paul Magazine, an online food and craft magazine. Is a very nice guy, likes eggs and vintage plates and is great at taking very long bubble baths. A very crafty dude that loves anything handmade. Lives in Brooklyn with man and dog.
I don’t see as much French cinema as I should, and yet when I do, I invariably love what I see. There is a pacing and an honesty that I’m in danger of coming to expect. This is a beautiful film, one I’ll remember for Bacri’s heartwarming performance, and for the pacing and writing, and for one of the best examples of an ensemble cast putting flesh on the bones of a set of characters. I finished the film feeling as if I’d actually been spending time with real people.
Five tomahawks, wi' bluid red-rusted;
- Today was the first whole day that Dan and I have had together in what feels like ages. We had lunch in Wetherspoons, found Ben & Jerry's on offer in Tesco (2 for £6) then came back and watched films. It seems like so long ago already that we had every single day together over the summer.
We had freedom, failure, success and responsibility, and that's how we learned to deal with life.
and I forgot to take a picture? It was kind of ugly anyhow.
I find this entire conversation extremely funny on so many levels (and I really hope my cousins do too!) - here are just a few.
Watched Pineapple Express for the twentieth time and got this awesome screen shot of the greatest look ever delivered on screen (and the very fact that someone took the time to put this on YouTube proves I’m not alone in my assertion).
Today some of the Verve Divas are hopping and celebrating a new Easter set in the Verve Store! It's called Hoppy Easter and it is available now! It's an adorable little set that we hope you love as much as we do.
I’m In Trouble
I’d like to address each of the three causes for confusion.
It’s day 4 of our gratitude journaling experiment and Thank the Angels, we’ve hit some major breakthroughs. You see, we were really inspired to start this little project because we know we have the power to improve things for ourselves–but we were a little bummed.
with-out that shabby chic look.
So watch SFAS tonight at 10pm on HGTV. please please please.
In response to the photo, Reggie Littlejohn of Women’s Rights Without Frontiers, which opposes China’s one-child policy, confirmed that late-term abortions and infanticide are common means of enforcing China’s one-child population rule.
I had originally pictured smooth, seamless drywall with a dividing shelf in the middle, but we are nowhere near that skill level to make something like that look acceptable. So we headed to the garage...
The Loosh will not finish the year at this school, probably not even the semester, and for that I admit I'm relieved. French school is an impressive thing. Lucien has a nice group of friends and speaks effortless, accent-less French. People have been kind to us and it's been our most profound cultural experience in Paris. Still, it's not the best place for our son. We need less rigidity, more "hey, anyone have any creative ideas about how to peel Lucien off the ceiling?"
I have personally traded with Zollie (aka, ZMAN) on FLR and know him to be someone of great integrity, so when he told me about the NIS site, I knew it would be a place for me.
"I know they are round here somewhere..." as I lifted my foot to find the slightly squashed leaves underneath. Never mind they will bounce back. They did last year when I did exactly the same thing...
BIG BUSINESS (1929) ****
Seed Collection
buildings and people like flies. she is spitting her anger in the air.
Those people companies that have an interest in consultant recycling insurance plan can get more info at their site below possible extensive info on insurance policies. They are able to also obtain additional points or obtain an estimate by filling in the basic online contact page or by phoning their team.
So knowing that, what are we going to do as we look for the blessed hope? We still have some time left before the Lord calls us home. I think that we now have a constraint to put Colossians 4:5 into practise. “Walk in wisdom toward them that are without, redeeming the time.”
It's a weird feeling to read other people's thoughts on a book you've written. Weird and wonderful, even if not all the thoughts are positive, because it makes the whole experience come alive in the way that only happens if multiple people engage with the idea and the characters and the story.
But most fantasy accepts that there is more to the world than meets the eye or brushes the hand. From the reality of gods of all shapes and sizes, to strange mythical creatures, to the ability of humanity to wield forces unimaginable with no more than our wills. Fantasy is all about exploring that which is beyond our human knowledge and our mortal strength. It reminds us that reality is more than what we can see, touch, smell, taste and hear. Fantasy allows us to believe, even if only for the span of a book, in fairies and monsters and gods and demons. Fantasy lets us be more than we could ever dream to be in this "real" world.
We'd walked down a path to the water where an older man with few teeth was sitting on a 55 year old Harley.
And in 1955, in an old orange grove in Anaheim California, Walt opened Disneyland. And nothing was ever the same.
2 reaction
So she’s turning the car left and I’m flying out of the open car door to the right (starboard). Johnny grabs my left hand and then I look down for one of those eternal moments at the hard black pavement speeding by me just a few feet under the soft tissue of my face.
To begin to fulfil their wish, I mounted my latest and current favourite painting on to some lovely paper and then simply framed it:
By seeking help for her, am I tryingt to cause problems or make the biological parent look bad? No, of course now. What I am trying to do, what some fail to acknowledge that ANY stepparent is trying to do, is I am trying to RAISE my stepdaughter to be a healthy, confident, loving person. That’s it, and that’s more than enough.
Short Shag
5) All Bran Fiber Drink Mix. I'll be honest. I haven't seen these in stores in a long time. But when you mix it with a bottle of water, it tastes awesome - a pink lemonde treat. 10 grams of fiber in each packet with only 20 calories and 0g of sugar. I'm looking for a suitable replacement, so if you have any ideas, I'm all ears.
1 x Cadbury Rubik's Cube,
After completion of the project Mute Swan, Mallard, Moorhen and Coot all nested for the first time on the islands and among the new vegetation. All successfully produced young, with five cygnets, six broods of Mallard, two broods of Moorhen and one of Coot.'
Just calling in to say hello to everyone and yes I'm still around - just taking my time about things right now! Lots of ideas awaiting these horrible fingers of mine healing themselves,
Following that, he joined a band called Seagull that started off doing covers but gradually worked originals into their set. They gigged all over the midlands in the UK for a few years, and then punk hit. John joined a group which was oddly enough called Six Pistons. Doing mostly fun punk-influenced rock, the project was short-lived following the departure of the drummer and singer. So bassist Ash Aisthorpe brought in an old drummer acquaintance named Mick Freer. This new three piece group with John, Ash and Mick called themselves The Classics.
What zone do you live in?
Cooling: Loose the rolls with a spatula. Wearing oven mitts, place a large plate over the pan and invert the rolls onto the plate. Place a wire rack over the plate and flip the rolls onto the rack. (Sort of like flipping a cake method) Let the rolls cool for 5 minutes before icing.
share one of my most favorite things I've ever made--
I can't stress enough how many GREAT projects each issue has! Our family received two issues, each of which had between 90-100 projects and activities. We have two boys (ages 2 and 5), and I sat with each of them for about 30 minutes just poring over the fun stuff to do. We've picked out quite a few to do, starting this week, so over the next few weeks, hopefully I'll get some pictures to share on here. :)
5. Bite the Bullet – 3:30
If travel is to the west, going to bed and waking up later than usual can help the body start to adjust to the upcoming time change. More specific recommendations are available as of 2002, tailored to whether the person is traveling through six time zones, 7–9 zones, or 10 or more.
Assume Exitus Vomitorius
Oleyl Myristate – See Myristic Acid.
Anyway, back to my First Confession. Everybody wanted Father Gould because he was y0ung and handsome and friendly. One of those Father What-a-Wastes that young Catholic girls pine over but can never have. I waited and waited and finally got in to see the good Father. Father Gould made the process as easy and painless as possible, and despite being nervous that I would screw up the rote recitation of prayers and responses, I made it through with flying colors. I’ll never forget this one girl in my class who couldn’t handle First Confession or any others, actually. For years I would feel desperately sorry for her as she would work herself up into a teary frenzy whenever it was our class’s turn to go to Confession.
It hasn't been terrifyingly cold lately, and the skies have been clear, so dog cuddling has been just a pleasure, not a necessity. Well, it looks like winter may be back upon us. There's a sour, poisonous sky, not raining, but bellowing "Just you wait!"
The market needs to be fulfilled and the market will be fulfilled, by the first viable product that comes along.
Toward the end of the seventh century and the beginning of the eighth, the leaders of the Muslim world began to speak specifically about Islam, its prophet, and eventually its book. Stories about Muhammad began to circulate. A warrior-prophet would justify the new empire's aggressive expansionism. To give those conquests a theological justification -- as Muhammad's teachings and example do -- would place them beyond criticism.
A Wolf, meeting with a Lamb astray from the fold, resolved not to lay violent hands on him, but to find some plea to justify to the Lamb the Wolf's right to eat him. He thus addressed him: "Sirrah, last year you grossly insulted me." "Indeed," bleated the Lamb in a mournful tone of voice, "I was not then born." Then said the Wolf, "You feed in my pasture." "No, good sir," replied the Lamb, "I have not yet tasted grass." Again said the Wolf, "You drink of my well." "No," exclaimed the Lamb, "I never yet drank water, for as yet my mother's milk is both food and drink to me." Upon which the Wolf seized him and ate him up, saying, "Well! I won't remain supperless, even though you refute every one of my imputations." The tyrant will always find a pretext for his tyranny.
A German's View on Islam
Powerful indeed.
And ever thing was perfect
Rule #3: Screw Mechanics
So, you start with 10K of this fake money. And they give you little gifts along the way for dumb stuff like "Hey! Here's 5K for having Pocket Rockets!". So it's pretty easy to get money. And just as easy to lose it.
Ambreen Agha
This is one of the photographs pinned to the noticeboard in the room where I write. You wouldn't want to meet this lot in a dark alley, would you? My grandmother is the one on the left and it is said that she hated this picture, but I love it. I think she thought it looked as if she was wearing the living-room curtains. Maybe she was. These are proper old ladies, although I don't think they can be that old - sixty-ish probably. From the moment I first remember her she always seemed to look pretty much like this.
Dr Ameisen displayed great courage when he decided to ‘out’ himself as a medical expert who is alcoholic. And in self-prescribing and self-medicating himself with Baclofen when no-one had used it for alcohol dependency before.
And by some devilish cantrip (spell) slight
Parasol unit will be the first UK institution to show the work of Ana Gallardo. Born 1958 in Argentina, Gallardo has exhibited throughout South America, North America and Spain.
This Motörhead DVD also has the longest “bonus features”
The 2011 General Assembly approved a measure (session law 2011-409) that would put language into the NC Constitution related to legally recognized marriages in the state. The proposed Amendment to article 14 of the NC constitution would add a new section, to be called section 6. It would read as follows:
Karma is not always instant: sometimes it takes a long, long time to work its way back to where it belongs.
(1) properly construe the claim
I am pinching myself. This year has flown by.
449
We are made perfect through suffering not by possessing the greatest military on earth. Again if that were true as James Dobson implies that the more people you can kill with your army and weapons is a sign of God’s grace (favor), then all conquerors through the ages like Attila the Hun which was said of him, that the ground where his army of cutthroats thundered grass never grew again were favored men of God.
And, from the highest area of Washington Park looking southeast, one has this beautiful view of the highest point on Fidalgo Island, Mt. Erie, which is the higher, rightmost of the hills visible here. Down below is the Skyline neighborhood and private marina (but what marina isn’t private these days?).
As the lamb is being prepped, we prop up the bar and settle into a couple of cocktails. I'm all over the Freda's Bloody Mary which has a sucker punch of chilli and pepper with every mouthful. The boys behind the bar take their cocktails seriously here, mixing up pepper and celery seed infused vodka with worchester sauce, lemon juice, pink salt, tomato juice, tabasco, green olive and pickled chilli. The green olive and cherry tomato speared on a skewer makes a pleasant change from the usual celery stalk.
And the answer to the second part of the question is: it felt AMAZING to get that representation - from someone I’d been so nervous about (because I thought he was way out of my league) that I hadn’t even had the guts to query him when I first started searching! And the night that he called to tell me that two different publishers were offering on my book…well, that was one of the best nights of my life.
I don't think I introduced myself on the blog yet, although you've met the DT you've not met me! I'm the Editor of Scrap365 (and also of Craft Stamper), I've been scrapping for about 6 or 7 years. Although I do love to rubber stamp, scrapbooking was my first crafty love (though I dabbled in many others previously).
I suspect the average moviegoers does not know that,however, and went to the film expecting high adventure. Heck, I did know that, but I was still expecting more fun.
Move forward to the 2010 off-season, another championship finals under their belts and the big 3 still intact. The Celtics have gone out and signed the Big Diesel, Shaquille O’Neal, to a 2 year deal worth around $3 million. With the signing of Shaq, the word rebuilding has been taken out of the vocabulary of Boston Celtic fans for at least another season.
I am so grateful for computers and being able to watch so many amazing shows via a few simple cables to hook-up the computer to the TV. Fun stuff.
It was intimidating and challenging at the same time to do this character, who was originally created by "you know who".
With ideas, it's all about what you do with them. Don't sit on them. Don't hoard them. Do something with them. Get them written and get them out there. And if you find another writer has had a similar idea to you, don't get angry about it. Get over it. Be pleased with yourself, because you're clearly thinking along the right lines!
Hardcover: 256 pages
Breakfasts: Bagels; Cereal; Cheese Toast and Scrambled Eggs; Oatmeal. All Served with fruit & milk.
Paul Wilson, Jr. is a "Dream Catalyst" and Marketplace Pastor for leaders and entrepreneurs. He is driven to lead people to unleash God’s potential in their lives through their purpose, passions, and professional skills. He equips leaders with creative, faith-based strategies to flourish spiritually and professionally, while operating from several multi-media platforms, including TV show host, inspirational speaker, and stimulating writer. Paul is the President of Kingdom Business University, which utilizes workshops, consulting, and coaching services to ignite Christian catalysts maximize their God-given mission in the marketplace. He is the author of the life purpose igniter “Dream B.I.G. in 3D: How to Pursue a Bold, Innovative God-Inspired Life!” He is also the host of Passion in Action, a motivational and educational faith-based Internet TV show for social entrepreneurs, business leaders, and community change agents. Contact us today to learn more about how he can help your business, church, or community to thrive on purpose!
LA had lots of sun, at people we did stare.
The reason for this is that there is great genetic variation in hops, and seedlings are very seldom like the parents. Ian Hornsey (2) writes:"Because the sexes are separate the species is highly heterozygous with the resulting extreme morphological variability of plants that are raised from seeds. This causes problems for the commercial grower who strive for consistency. For this reason, therefore, a commercial grower will propagate the crop vegetatively, there being three major methods:
7. The anti-Islamist security ramifications of the new law would be horrendous.
priest guy in the back and he's all "<U+4E2D><U+56FD><U+5E9F><U+8BDD>" and the two other guys and
08. Ocean View - Pieces of a Dream / 5:18
I think when we watch and listen to the stories of others, we often become co-conspirators in their dreams. And, in turn, their dreams often fuel our own. In watching and listening to the stories of those around us, we invest ourselves, we make ourselves a part of, we plug-in. We encourage and cheer-lead.
one tbsp of butter in a skillet. Sauté the onion until soft and translucent, but don't allow it to brown. Add peppers. Saute for a few minutes. Add in mushrooms and sauté until the vegetables are just about done. Stir in peas and heat thoroughly. Set the vegetable
(I apologize now for the awful quality of the photos.
The 1911 has worn a lot of different grips over the years and I've tried many, but for me, a good set of rubber, checkered grips (molded over nylon cores in the case of the Hogue grip panels) seem to work well and I don't mind roughing them up a bit since I shoot in all kinds of weather conditions.
As clay eternal and as taciturn.
Allie is getting bigger and bigger and I love it!! I love chasing her around and playing with her! She's such a delight! She's finally putting herself to sleep now! She just needs her little seahorse and a cup of warm water to cuddle with. Yes, she cuddles with her cup, lmao. Crazy kid!
be full...ahhh, that's why i waited. the word was "be full"
This would put the primer further over to the ejector side of the gun than it should be, such that it may conceivably be possible, that an ejector that was bent over towards the center of the gun as far as possible and still be functional (it CAN happen, I have actually seen that) might strike the primer, and the cartridge might jam between the slide hood and the ejector, and you might be racking with enough force to pop the primer...
before I created the semi-circular garden beds in the backyard,
“In the month of July 2007, I was sad in my husband’s, best friend’s, parents’ presence, and so they asked me, ‘Why does your face look so sad when you are not really sick (no brain tumors)? You must be sad in your heart.’ I was very afraid, but I said to them, ‘I love you dearly! And why should I not be sad when the other half of my family (my ancestors) are missing, hidden from me, and my heart is heavy because I feel lost.’”
So far, Malema has visited Thembelihle, Diepsloot and Ivory Park and the Methodist Church at Ratanda in Heidelburg to mobilise support for the march.
After a grueling 4 hours of trying to replicate the video game to reality, we felt the stamina (or the lack thereof) kick in and our feet complaining of pain. But all was certainly worth every sweat of it. Being able to play the game we “virtually” love is definitely a dream come true, and we’ll keep trying it until we’re good at it.
All that night Ben lay awake, staring up at the ceiling alternately fuming and fretting bone-deep. Long before morning he stirred from the tense forced stillness he had maintained for hours so as to not wake Donna. The ache of muscles was nothing in comparison to the ache of furious anger in his gut. Careful he rose out from the bed painted by indistinguishable shadows in the dark bedroom and didn’t spare a glance over at Donna’s sleeping form while he dressed. The only pause there was for her was to leave her a liar’s note about being called in to the job he no longer had to cover for a night-shift coworker. Then silently he left the house with no thought in his mind for the absurdity of the hour for the business he had in mind.
I know it has been awhile... too long in fact!
Directed by Dale Fabrigar & Everette Wallin
The weather in the Chicagoland area has been so warm this week that I regularly let my Texas Sister know that I was confused on where I was because it sure did feel like Texas in March!
Back in the parking lot, I checked a text that I had missed from Michael. "Target? You can get it if you promise to use it! Excited for bike rides with you."
I'm not really sure.....
This has been a long summer of hotel rooms, from Las Cruces, New Mexico, to Blue Bell, Pennsylvania, and an incredible range of interesting stories has passed by that I didn't have a chance to post. So I thought I'd briefly reach back into the past three weeks or so and salvage a couple things I wish I'd had a chance to cover when they first popped up. In other words, you've probably already seen these—but they're worth the attention, nonetheless.
Adorn the trifle with chocolate buttons. To make it a little more fancy you could add Amaretto to the cream too, and grate dark chocolate over the top rather than chocolate buttons.
No-one will realise that I was right all along. No-one will remember my awful reaction to the feed in time for the next patient. No-one will remember that their so-called "safe" morphine based drug does not avoid allergy for all. No-one will finally accept that certain painkillers actually just do not work on me. The dieticians won't remember that this particular feed nearly killed me. They will still assure the next patient that "you can't be allergic to it" or "it can't get trapped it's only a liquid" No-one will make a mental note and avoid CTs and MRIs in my case next time.
Busy students...love that sight :) I had a great time meeting the students. Some I knew from past retreats *waves to the Reading girls* and others were new faces. All were equally welcoming and a great bunch of women x
But his arrogance is so blinding that he thinks that his type of ‘British’ politics can help change Nigeria and his town. But Kayode ego and aloofness which was his downfall in England is unfortunately the downfall for all those around him back home in Nigeria.
I start to sneak down the passage. I glance through the spare bedroom window. I can’t see anything in the garden – not even a dove or a guinea fowl.
So far, this year has brought forth death, debt, and destruction. Yeah for you! Guess what? I still win!
What do you think??? Why not have a go yourself??? Great way to have instant greetings cards at your fingertips - all your own work in print!!
3) Make revisions to my non-fiction project based on feedback and my own editing of it. - The person who is planning to look at the first draft of the main portion of this project is intending to get to reviewing it in the next few days. Once I get that feedback, I'll see about trying to move forward with it.
Aren’t we all prospects, doing what we can to attract the attention of recruiters (agents) and land that scholarship to play for the college team (publishing house) of our dreams? I know that’s how I feel. But am I over-estimating my potential and better off applying to a local community college instead?
Thus, JJS’s exposure to Jesus is, just that: a phase. Marked by a beginning and an end. In his whole collection of essays, this is the most heavy he gets, about faith issues and theodicy – which is fine. He’s a magazine writer, not a theologian, novelist, or philosopher. I’d agree with him that Jesus is a “most beautiful dude,” but I’d have to go futher than that, beyond the hip term of “dude.” Really, I am most fascinated by JJS’s claim on what Jesus accomplished: “the aestheticization of weakness.” I’ve never thought of Jesus that way. I have to agree with JJS, the “hell stuff” is hard to make peace with – quite possibly the greatest challenge of theodicy.
Anna was nude, a blanket sort of thrown around her waist, but it fell open at the front so that I could see her trimmed blond snatch. Her golden hair ran in a waterfall between hard-nippled breasts. She was gorgeous. I mean, I knew that, I looked at her naked all the time, but watching her like this was different. She wasn’t helpless, exactly, but the vulnerability of her sitting there, naked and enthralled by Brad’s touches took my breath away.
Last week I went out to lunch with four friends (should have been five but one couldn't make it) I haven't seen for at least 10 years. We spent our late teens and early twenties together dancing every night listening to the various pop groups that played at our local night spot. We do keep in touch, on Facebook and send Christmas cards but haven't actually got together for such a long time. It was great to meet up and talk about what we have all been doing the past years and talk about all times. We've made a solemn vow to meet up every couple of months at least and hopefully we will all be there next time. Here we are enjoying lunch.
Fully assembled, ready-to-install with mounting hardware and 5 foot power cord included
Visting the site (at time of writing) currently provides no answer either, but there are more puzzles involving moving matchsticks, joining dots with the fewest number of straight lines and working out next symbols in series. Maybe the answer will be revealed later today, or in the following weeks. Although I'm sure tons of you will know the answer anyway.
Now I leave you with some pictures.
Well its Sunday again :O) So that means it's time for another funtastic challenge here at One Stitch At A Time.
The marina is ram-jam full of yachts and cruisers of all shapes and sizes - I'm in an alien world here which has its own language and looks incredibly complicated. Look at all those ropes for a start.
In the case of Adam Nobody it is crystal clear that his serious injuries came at the hands of police officers (even it it is not possible to identify them). I
The double chocolate stout is a crowd pleaser.... or a friend pleaser since my friend Bryan really likes it. Our plan is to split this up and flavor each part a bit differently. We may go with three different kinds of chocolate or do chocolate raspberry. More here as we get some idea of what we'll do.
Clear conscience? Mostly.
Have I mentioned lately how crazy our lives have become now that both my husband and I work from home with a very vocal toddler beneath our feet? Yes, you're right... I have... repeatedly! Sorry. Some days I feel like my brain might actually burn out, that it will start billowing smoke and simply shut down. I'm developing a Jeckyl & Hyde personality disorder - Mama for two minutes, Designer for one. But every day I discover new things about myself... like I can simultaneously blog and mash banana, all while playing peek-a-boo with a stuffed rhino! It is a crazy, chaotic and wonderful life filled with precious moments tucked into the folds of the mayhem. I am so blessed to spend my days sitting across the studio from the man I love with our beautiful boy quietly chewing carpet samples in the corner. Life doesn't get much better than this... except maybe when my boys bring me flowers!
3. Not So Pale Ale, an all-grain dark pale ale (patent malt) from Bill Dietrich
First of all — what is the pre-frontal cortex (PFC), anyway? Well, this part of our brain plays a role in many important “executive functions,” or high-level thinking such as:
Publication Year: March 15, 2012
Stay tuned....
when we are more reflective, and seem more aware of
I have no intention of going into street crime or domestic policing abilities in Ukraine. That would be a different post should I venture down that very uneven road. I will stick to the organised criminality, be it genuinely organised crime for the sake of personal/group gain, or groups with other ideologies who involve themselves in organised crime to fund other activities, as was the case when I stumbled upon the PKK issue in the UK back in the mid 1990s.
To clear the old bathroom suites (3 in total) from the side of the garage and dig out the old compost heap (suspected rubbish dump from previous occupants) and generally make good the area.
For those who don’t know how a Hadith is composed (or what it is at all), then let me explain. A Hadith is an account prescribed Muhammad or one of those close to him. It consists of the chain, linking the teller of the Hadith back to the person ascribed the Hadith. This is called the Isnad, chain. The message in the Hadith is called Matn.
that's what a cyborg is, using technology as an extension of ourselves."
I wish I could say.
There's a few things you can see in here.
Just because you can, it doesn't mean to say you should.
Then Alex and I looked at each other, nodded, thanked Buzzkill Man for letting us know, and walked past him. He was not going to ruin the moment for us; he was especially not going to ruin the moment for Lucien. Then we went to get ice cream even though it's November.
03. Poem For Elizabeth Taylor - 1947
After passing the autobahn overhead, I was to turn off this street onto a path. The question was where. There were no sign posts with directions to the airport or anywhere else. In fact, the only cycling signs to the airport appeared about half of a kilometer from the destination and it really was well hidden.
You see, it's the myth of the cocktail, rather than the sum of its alcoholic parts, that's so incredibly potent: More than an amusing way to drink alcohol, a well-made cocktail is a sign that you recognise the possibility of a more sophisticated, less frantic world - at least until you slide inelegantly off your bar-stool having forgotten Dorothy Parker's maxim: 'I like to have a martini,/Two at the very most/Three and I'm under the table/Four and I'm under the host.'
Complaint number two: When I was finally asked what the problem was I replied “I’m receiving an error message”. Without waiting to hear what it was, her response was, “let’s go ahead and reset the box”. Now if you’re unfamiliar with a satellite STB box reset it takes about 7 minutes of sitting through on-screen messages cheerfully informing you “almost there!”. I’d actually already tried that before calling, so there was no way in hell I was going to do it again. I’m not a particularly chatty person, so seven minutes of small-talk with a support rep to do something I’d already tried just wasn’t going to happen. Naturally I spent longer than that arguing that I wasn’t going to do it, than it would have taken to just meekly follow along with her troubleshooting script.
You know all of those "free gift with purchase" deals and free samples that you get at department store make up counters? I'm not a hoarder, except for when it comes to this stuff. I have a whole drawer full of it. Most of it isn't even mine. My grandma, mom, and sisters send it to me. It makes for perfect play makeup!
I’m starting to have a hard time finding theBalm in select Canadian Sephoras – I’m not sure if they’re being discontinued, but they are definitely available online. Their official website also offers more options and products not available at Sephora – there is a current offer: free bag with purchase of $50 USD or more. I am not sure if they ship outside of the US, though.
It’s only the second ever quilt I’ve made and the hexagons were a challenge for me. I have no real flair for sewing, just bloody minded determination and sore fingers. Anyway, the piecing is done (yay!) and after ironing it tomorrow I can start the actual quilting. I’m only doing a basic pattern since I’m a beginner, so it won’t be as bad as the hexagons, at least I hope not.
It is a true story, the monster said. Many things that are true feel like a cheat.
Anyway. One Sunday afternoon when Jon and I were trading ideas, he began to write a Bill and Ben sketch that we used for the segment that sees the TARDIS stuck in the 1950s. It started out as a conventional sketch and then just got silly. Two of the girls played Bill and Ben, Jon narrated and his wife spent the entire skit standing in a flowerpot with a daffodil on her head, playing Little Weed. It took him no more than fifteen minutes to throw the thing together but I think there’s a reason why I still remember it over a decade later. You will have to imagine the flobadobs, which really were quite effective.
Then one of the heshes ran up to the door as if ‘HELP!’ All Gail could do was helplessly look. But for just one second, eye to eye, it was as if looking into death. It chilled her.
Spirit: This has to do with your sense of purpose, values, beliefs, and personal vision. All the different “why’s”. Why do you do what you’re doing? Why is it important?
We planted 3 new trees this afternoon - a laburnum, a silver birch and a sycamore. I love trees, and I'm happy to say that our eucalyptus that we thought had died of the cold seems to have survived after all.
Are tired.
“But I don’t ever see you go to work.”
My family is facing some major life decisions and I’ve found Discerning the Voice of God to be a trustworthy guide through the process.
I adored their take on Snow White, broke her out of the mold and gave her a “you go girl” spunk.
So, who is going to be part of this Big Society? Who are the people who are going to fund it? Run it? Have the 'passion' for it? The spare time for it?
A Little Information About Me: I am married and have three adult children, two daughters and one son. My daughter-in-law also lives with us. My husband works as a security guard and I stay at home. Sometimes I take in small sewing jobs.
*Copy of Hi-resolution images stored in DVD (to be given after the event)
Doo Dah broke his wrist in the first week of the school holidays. It is the second broken bone we have had to deal with. It was the classic "Mrs L., your son Doo Dah fell off the monkey bars and hasn't been himself" apologetic phone call from the vacation care manager, followed by the loooong wait in the ED, topped only by the three hours for our appointment(!) in the Fracture Clinic the following week. He is rocking along just fine and we get the cast off on May 21.
- And you were all, 'I don't have it, daddy!'
- meringues
The problem simply isn’t where your blog post seems to be pointing, that’s all.
1270 D-IV/10/1997. “Speaking Freely About Freedom of Speech.” A Colloquy with Thomas G. West, The University of Dallas, Irving, Texas.
2nos Green chillies (slit opened)
What were your faves last month?
2009: Crossing to Safety, by Wallace Stegner
They say she's a chooser, but I just can't refuse her
I wanted to see him do more miracles; and so, just for the pleasure of hearing him answer, I asked him about Hertzegovina, and pariah, and unique. But he began to generalize then, and show distress. I saw that with New Zealand gone, he was a Samson shorn of his locks; he was as other men. This was a curious and interesting mystery, and I was frank with him, and asked him to explain it.
Another great weekend has come and gone, one in which we cooked some delicious food, I finished this month's BBC book and we celebrated Spring with our friends. You can expect several delicious new recipes over the next several days as well as photos of my new vintage salt and pepper shaker collection courtesy of my dad's mom!
My doodling seems to swing wildly between the topics of pornography, philosophy, religion, gender confusion, art, pop culture, and a dash of animal slaughter.
Bitterness - 35 EBU
Maybe four days later, I had very 3 rough drafts to choose from. I picked the first one, as it gave the best indication of where we were headed. I gave her my feedback so she’d know where to go from here. She warned me how difficult fire is, especially with her very tight schedule, so I started the great search for istock photos. After I emailed her a small novella with my thoughts, including several links to photos I’d found that might work for our purpose, she spent another week on the second drafts.
What I am seeking to demonstrate is that those who mock anyone who questions Obama's eligibility and claim the matter has been resolved are very wrong. The matter has most certainly not been resolved, very far from it.
Ultimately, my favorite shows are the ones that take me into a whole world, whether it be Seattle, Washington, Harlan County, Kentucky, or Pawnee, Indiana. And I think it was very smart to set WKRP IN CINCINNATI in Cincinnati.
I can bring in the house...
When I think of this woman’s faith, I’m humbled and challenged. Do I feel entitled to something big? Will I accept the small miracles of daily grace that come my way? How faithful am I about telling my story? Do others see Jesus in me? I want to feel close enough in my relationship with God that what other might see is imputance, God will interpret as holy boldness.
As I’ve talked about in a previous post, Brazilians are totally condiment and topping crazy when it comes to their sandwiches and junk food.
I’m glad this task is on the list, because it is definitely something I need to do. I have to text my mom for addresses all the time. With that said, I’m still slowly finding all the addresses I want to have at hand, so this one is a work in progress.
This appeared in the Washington Post today. As Friendly Athiest points out headline of this piece is what was intended to be in the New York Times. See ‘It’s Time to Quit the Catholic Church’ Ad Appears in Washington Post
Last month I wrote a short piece for the RFW's A- Z Challenge with my heroine meeting a Texas Ranger. To read that story go here.
On my last night there, I was writing (as Victoria Lamb) a scene where Shakespeare, as a young theatrical, returns to his home town of Stratford, not far from Coventry, to see his wife Anne. Although sitting in a modern city centre hotel, it was surprisingly easy to imagine myself back in sixteenth century Warwickshire, for Coventry is a medieval city itself and steeped in history. Indeed, it's a city that Shakespeare would probably have known well; he may even have visited its magnificent medieval cathedral once or twice, now a burnt-out shell courtesy of bombing raids across the industrial Midlands during World War II.
You nasty, white supremacist.
Today, I wanted to show you the progression in this little area of our home with the Target settee. I originally started with some pillows I already had on hand and the silver side table I got at Home Goods.
If the economics and law movement were to become the standard in our legal culture, it would represent a massive upward redistribution of wealth. Not only would “transfer payments” – unemployment benefits, assistance for needy families and the like – be deemed unconstitutional, but so would minimum wages, job training programs, subsidized student loans and most of our already threadbare social safety net. And that environment will have been purchased for a princely sum by those who have profited so handsomely from America’s spiraling income inequality.
The Beast Of A Night:
to be closer to Allah SWT.
He was present the following day in better light, and even singing a little, but the House Sparrows that were feeding amongst the blossom seemed to want to give the summer visitor a hard time; they know better than to bother the Dunnocks.
Charlotte is now six months old and wiggling pretty much anywhere she wants to go (which usually involves her getting stuck under or between one or more pieces of furniture).
Concerning the availability of firearms in Denmark: one of my Danish contacts lives in a rural area, and he most of his neighbors own guns. He had assumed that these were all legal hunting firearms, registered with the police. He found out that this was not true, and also that the local police were well aware of all the unregistered guns, but were not concerned about it.
see the pain he bore written there?
In the case of refugees, they are generally single mass movements that force a block of people to move as one: the impetus is generally fear and poverty. However, in most of the scenarios postulated, there is no great impetus of fear. Conditions are bad, but there is no difference between the area that people are in and some other place. If there was an increase in violent racism as an example, than certain groups might indeed pick up and move. But they are likely to be individual groups with a common purpose, not the ad hoc hordes generally described. link (hit the pdf button in middle of box)
And suddenly all the pain in all the world is personal.
With beauty may I walk
Mirrors stand gazing at Plato’s retrocausality in the cave allegories of his thoughts
In A Hot Coma would continue to incur line-up changes throughout most of their existence, but did stabilize themselves for a while with Jerome Brish, Richard and Gerard LaValliere, Guy Hoffman and a promising young keyboard player named Jill Kossoris. When Jill decided to leave the group after a couple years to form her own band, The Shivvers, the remainder of In A Hot Coma morphed into The Haskels.
The nicest thing about Mudaridge was that it was such a peaceful, relaxing place. After just a few days members of the family began to treat each other more lovingly.We spent five nights at Mudaridge, and some of it was not exactly peaceful. Next post details a family get-together, and our 4WD adventure through the Barrington Tops.
Disgraced human Bill Bennett was, for inexplicable reasons, given space on CNN's front page to urge us not to "rush to judgment" in the Trayvon Martin cases. The facts are more "complex" than they appear. We all need to sit back and let the system take its course.
1 From the PGMT Statement of Accounts, for year ending 30th June 2007
In the quest to find the right walker baby group has given us the opportunity to try different things. Just this past week we tried a heavier childrens shopping cart to see how Nick took to it (he didn't).
If the gods are finally helpless before evil, men and women must be more so. The heroes and heroines of the early stories face disaster… This is the conception of life which underlies the Norse religion, as somber a conception as the mind of man has ever given birth to. The only sustaining support possible for the human spirit, the one pure unsullied good men can hope to attain, is heroism; and heroism depends on lost causes. The hero can prove what he is only by dying. The power of good is shown not by triumphantly conquering evil, but by continuing to resist evil while facing certain defeat.
Melt butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Add red pepper flakes, mint for garnish.
Today was one of those "What the heck do I feel like listening to? I NEED MUSIC!" kinda days. I reluctantly selected a playlist on iTunes, and I found the perfect song for me right now...two songs actually...make that three. *sigh* There are a few people I've been struggling to find the words to talk to, and I think I may be sending out a few music clips. Sometimes, you just can't say it any better. Landon Pigg...you have a ridiculous name, but I love you right now! You may not be my typical listening material, but for some reason I always come back to your music. Right now, it speaks to me.
But I digress. If we weren’t so dependent on the status quo, many of us could find fulfillment and be satisfied with our lives. I don’t want to look back when I am 70 and feel like I did not live so much of my life. I don’t want to feel like I spent the vast majority of it doing things I despised or resented and that my life was never my own. No regrets man! LIVE life. In the words of Edna Mode, “I never look back darling, it distracts from the now.”
So. Today, let's do something a little different. Let's not have a word as the topic. Let's just use this letter, J. Somehow though, the letter J has been a big part of my life. It's really funny thinking about it. The more I think, the more I realise how much my life has consisted of the letter J.
Scary!
Mr de Klerk, 75, said there was no justification for Mr Zuma's outspoken acolyte Julius Malema, the ANC's Youth League president, to sing Shoot the Boer. Mr Malema calls the song "a legitimate struggle" anthem but is facing a hate speech charge for singing it. "The historical context is irrelevant," Mr de Klerk said. "It would be equally unacceptable for Afrikaners to sing Boer War songs calling on people to shoot the English - or for Americans to sing World War Two songs about killing Japanese people."
year 17. friday. 2012.
The directions say that it will last 3 weeks in your fridge and a year in the freezer, but I wouldn't hesitate to go longer than that. I've never had a problem.
Do you have a spare second? If so...
Long-term illness, however, skews a relationship. Over the years, our world kept getting smaller and smaller, trapping us in a life where neither his needs nor mine were being met. In that constricted world, small betrayals loomed large. Small disagreements seemed insurmountable. And there was guilt galore. After he died, I worked through all of those leftover problems, came to a greater understanding of our relationship and what his ill health had done to us, and finally realized we both acted the only way we could in such an untenable situation. I also dealt with the soul searing pain of loss, with the confusing physical symptoms. (Like falling in love, falling in grief causes changes in hormones and brain chemistry, and creates incredible stress, but unlike love, you can’t regulate those changes with sex. Unless you’re into necrophilia.)
‘At that point, either George or Trayvon was going to die.’
And because it's a book launch party, I'll be telling you all about my new release, Women of Strength, and inviting you to purchase it by clicking here. It's not in stores yet - at least, that I know of, and I'm in a cast, so there could be a lot going on out there that I don't know about - and you'll be among the first to get a copy! What's awesome is that Amazon just lowered the price - it used to be $13.99, but right now it's only $11.89.
If pubs wish to cut their own throat by maintaining ridiculous unsustainable margins, that’s there look out. I’m not about to start caring, just look at these bargains!
I can't decide on the size I want...I figure I will get one of the canvas scrapbooks that has the good page protectors and then I can just add what I need.
Through frequency modulation and control
Thank you to all my wonderful customers that have allowed me to continue running my sign business and I truly enjoy every minute of it.
In the “About Us” section, there’s a timeline tracing company history back to its founding in 1920 by A.T. Massey, through the reign of Evan Massey in the 1940s and ’50s, W.E. Massey in the ’60s and E. Morgan Massey in the ’70s. Current chairman and first-ever non-Massey president Blankenship took over in the go-go ’90s, engineering reverse spin-offs, joint ventures and strategic alliances while — oh, yeah — trying to remember to occasionally extract coal from the ground. We also learn a little about mining methods in this space. For example, surface mining (known colloquially as “strip mining” or “raping Mother Earth”) accounts for almost half of the company’s coal production, and all that bothersome junk covering up the coal — soil and trees and flora — is called “overburden.”
a refrain repeated five times, and once
This does not mean I will delete this blog altogether; all of the old posts will remain on this site. Don't worry, you can still relive all of the fun moments from haircut to haircut, lipstick to lip gloss, and - in case you're wondering - how I got from crushing on Peter Sarsgaard to, well, professing my undying love for a certain two-time Academy Award nominee who bears a passing resemblance to Mr. Potato Head.
Direct the winds of passion to your goal
Is there a book on this book blog, you ask? Sure. “Racing in the Street—The Springsteen Reader” is a collection of previous published essays about Springsteen’s influence. There are some solid essays here—album reviews, concert recaps, psychology, history, religion, analysis. Good stuff for a true devotee.
* Share the love and link to this post and to the person you received your award from.
Go check it out~
“How dare you! I am a positive influence in the working world. I always arrive early with an upbeat attitude and as the day progresses, I admit I slide downhill, but always leave my peers with a special good night greeting.”
“We hope those who share our concerns about both the rise of racism and Islamophobia in Britain, and the plight of Palestinians, will turn out on Saturday to make a clear point to those who support racism and fascism in whatever form.”
Piecing together the clues about his father, the Enemies of Time, and himself, Jackson must decide how far he’s willing to go to save Holly… and possibly the entire world.
08/24/2010 SELL 0.01 xauusd 1227.48 10/15/2010 1366.86 -139.30
I spoke to her as she sobbed and I tried to calm her down. She was lonely and desperate for company and a change of environment. She was stuck on the fourth floor of a council block. She couldn’t use the lift, even though she was mobile, because it scared her (she’d been trapped in it when it broke down in the past), so she tended to use the stairs when she went to church. This is a major challenge for such a frail little old lady. Maybe Councils should consider where they put the elderly when it comes to accommodating them.
The UK and Vietnam signed the new aviation agreement on December 8 last year, one day before Vietnam Airlines commenced its direct service to London. The flight inaugural ceremony in London was also joined by Vietnam’s Transport Minister Dinh La Thang, who represented Vietnam to sign the new aviation accord.
Being ill for a couple of days had one advantage: it allowed me to catch up with Season One of Game of Thrones. Ho. Lee. Crap. That is my new favorite show. We didn't have HBO when it first aired, and we won't have it anymore starting about halfway through this current season (we have a free trial right now because of our recent switch to DirecTV)(which I still HATE), but I will enjoy it while I can. P is reading the first book now, so shhhh! No one tell him anything! He doesn't know about Ned yet! Or Viserys, even! Also, I'd like to take this opportunity to go on record as having been a huge Peter Dinklage fan since WAY before this series started. Hello, 13 Moons, anyone? Am I the only one who saw that movie? Probably so. Anyway, I have dibs on the Dinklage, is what I'm saying.
"If I had a serious brain injury...."
What I am really trying to get at, is that these books takes all the negative aspects of the Black community to a heighten level, and the new generation of youth readers tries to emulate the characters. Not every story is a happy ending and many of these novels end in tragedy and that in itself is a tragedy to me.
To make my waistband I cheated a little bit. Measure how big your elastic is, multiply that by 2, then add 1/2" on that for wiggle room. Measure that far down from the top of the waistband and draw a line all the way around the top of your tube with a water soluble pen. My measurement was 2". Simply fold the top down to meet the line all the way around. Pin well.
The ferry ride was comfortable and convenient. While the girls slept, I (finally) found a working wi-fi,downloaded the camera, sent out the last group of blog posts and charged a variety of batteries. Eighty minutes later, we were in Delaware and the sun was burning through the morning fog.
My therapist said yesterday that sometimes the simple act of saying something aloud can take it's power to keep you stuck away. Being able to talk to Debbie every week and to feeling safe to come here and share with you is so very wonderful. Knowing that you understand makes me feel so much better.
Rating: Eight of Ten Stars
The media’s job is to pressure the govt of the day….that’s part of the democratic process.
I was recently in a relationship were I was brutally honest. Not like, “Yes, that dress does make your ass look big,” or “Jeez, you have gained weight, no more snacks for you fatty magoo.” But in that I confessed when I made mistakes and stumbled along the way.
Devin Martin
I think it's only natural.
Read on to learn about some of the most popular ways to save more money with cloth diapers.
Bonus quote (and suitable for framing) for all the new shooters out there lusting after ever piece of equipment (and the old shooters as well):
(CNSNews.com) – An analysis based on U.S. Census Bureau data by the Employment Policies Institute (EPI) shows that the average unemployment rate for teens ages 16 to 19 in the District of Columbia was 50.1 percent as of June 2011. This corresponds with data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS) showing that for D.C. the annual average unemployment rate for teens in 2010 was 49.8 percent.
One last thought – being unhealthy can be expensive (more medical bills, more medications, etc.). Look at healthy eating with plenty of fruits and vegetables as a good long-term strategy for saving money. That might be a provocative thought but it makes sense to me. What about you?
I generally have an order to my blogs, but I figured Saturday’s blog and the comments it generate made this one next in the series.
You have to stop thinking that this game is you versus a stadium full of rib-loving opponents.Sure, you need to be the quarterback of your waist control team, but you won’t achieve success without a team that can block for you, high-five you when you’re doing well, and give you an encouraging smack on the butt when you’re not. Your starting lineup should include your doctor, maybe a nutritionist, maybe a personal trainer, and certainly scads and scads of fans like your family and friends (online or in person) who can push you, support you, and yank the bowl of candy corn away from you. But you shouldn’t be the only one relying on other people; you should use this opportunity to find a support partner who needs you as much as you need her. After all, the best kinds of satisfaction shouldn’t come from the sixth spoonful of cake batter, but from sharing knowledge and support, and helping others lose inches.
‘the worst, most durable, and most dangerous of all errors so far was a dogmatist’s error– namely, Plato’s invention of the pure spirit and the good as such…it meant standing truth on her head and denying perspective, the basic condition of all life…’
Community activists voiced opposition to the plans, observing that the reservoir should remain at a nature preserve and that ball fields at Highland Park should be improved instead. Numerous community meetings were held by the Parks Department over the last several years, gathering opinions from residents in both Brooklyn and Queens.
Of all the hotel rooms rented by all the adulterous politicians in Chicago, female Assistant U.S. Attorney Cameron Lynde had to choose the one next to 1308, where some hot-and-heavy lovemaking ends with a death. And of all the FBI agents in Illinois, it had to be Special Agent Jack Pallas who gets assigned to this high-profile homicide. The same Jack Pallas who still blames Cameron for a botched crackdown three years ago- and for nearly ruining his career.
The interviews consisted almost entirely of the female interviewer and stars saying to each other "Oh my God! You look gorgeous!" Plus those strange contemporary constructions like "I'm loving the shoes!" (instead of "I love your shoes").
A Global Mega-Brewer Hedging Bets
Mr. G. Kingsworth that has helped us some this winter is not expected to live.
When I have seen by Time’s fell hand defac’d
Maritess: Yeah.
Changing Words
Jack was in front leaning his weight on his walking aids. John and I towered behind him. As we got up to next to be called Jack spun around and through a mouth still mouldy with milky cereal, said: “I 'ope ta Christ they accept me facking ID! If it's Vijay ee'l refews fer'shure! Made me walk all t'way ta Hammersmith last fortnight... Me, wiv a missin' fackin' leg!”
Day 9: The Long Drive Home
“What’s not clear is why he wanted to widen the junction in the first place. If it turns out to involve a big increase in heavy vehicles and this impacts on other businesses and interests in the vicinity then we hope people will let us know and steps will be taken.”
This is called a 10-min. tablerunner, from that kit I won. Actually, I think they should name it 30-min. tablerunner, cuz it took me a bit longer than 10 MINS!!! :))) but I think the colors are gorgeous!
With Agarwal falling early, and the gap between the rate scored and the rate required gaping wider by the over, I left, confident that with Ansari yet to bowl, Cambridge’s total was safe. Oxford were bowled out for 212 in the 48th over, Ansari’s figures 10-2-19-0 (economy rate 1.90).
Got some stuff done this weekend. I submitted The Sevenfold Spell to my first epub market today. Here's hoping! I also wrote out a complete outline for A Hollywood Miracle, which I didn't really intend to do when I sat at the computer, but now that I have it, I'm going to use it. I bought some colored post-its so I can use different colors for each storyline. That way I can merge all the storylines on some sort of board, and easily be able to pick out each storyline.
Eh, well. The things we do for fashion.
from the mists of time.
It is this quality in Marclay’s work that places it within the great canon of art known as memento mori. Variously translated as “Remember you must die” or “Remember you will die”, the phrase refers broadly to different forms of cultural expression (paintings, sculpture, literature and even festivals, such as the Mexican Day of the Dead) that seek to remind us of our mortality. They prompt us both to take initiative and to enjoy the time we have while we’re still alive.
There is good reason why the wisdom at the heart of the traditional indigenous worldview strikes a deep and appealing chord in the human psyche. Modern science is now telling us what indigenous wisdom keepers have known and taught across countless generations. We humans evolved over millions of years to live and prosper in community with one another and nature. Our happiness and sense of well-being depend in substantial measure on our connection to nature and a caring community. Science now acknowledges that the Original Instructions are, in effect, genetically encoded into the more highly evolved mammalian and human centers of our brain.
While the album is an overlooked reggae gem (its definitely worth picking up if you have not heard it), what got the most attention was the title track, a sarcastic reggae version of the French national anthem La Marseillaise, causing Gainsbourg to receive death threats from many on the political right in France. In fact, the song was so controversial, that when Gainsbourg toured France with Sly & Robbie and the band that backed him on the album, the shows were plagued with bomb threats, cancellations and protests. Nevertheless, Gainsbourg's new album proved to be both critically and commercially successful. Indeed, it sold over 300,000 copies in the space of a few months and produced two hit singles, a new reggae version of "La javanaise" and "Aux armes et caetera".
For the first time in the council’s history I think, they’re showing a concern about this unevenness and it’s having a special inquiry which will involve, among other things, an internal examination. We’ll be trying to work why it is that the proportion of Queensland applications is so low and what can be done about it.
At twenty-four, Pete Nicely is the youngest teacher in an inner-city school that loses a fifth of its faculty every year.
Callow Knife - 4.5% ABV
“Seth,” his father grabbed him by the shoulders. “there’s no time.”
Beat the butter on medium speed for one minute. Add the granulated sugar and beat for three minutes. It will be very light and fluffy. Scrape down the bowl, add the brown sugar, and beat for two more minutes. Add the eggs, one at a time, beating for one minute after each. Mix in the vanilla. Add the flour alternately with the sour cream. Scrape down the bowl once more, and give it a final few seconds to fully combine.
This one is for those of us, who are student;
11. Twenty-Five Years
Ask the Lord to give you compassion for those in the path of your mission, and see great, miraculous things begin to happen through you and for you…
Hundreds of Taser-related deaths have been reported in recent years, and have risen due to increased use by cops and security officials.
Somewhere I along the way I
In blogger buzz they talked about the iLike gadget, and since I already have it on Facebook and like it, I decided I'd add a playlist to my blog as well! So you can now listen to clips of my favorite songs if you so wish. :-)
Our new interim minister started this fall and I've been attending just about as many services as I can since he came. I even joined the choir, which means that on the Sundays we sing, I sit through both (almost identical) services!
So yeah, I might go for a notebook or something though, I don’t know if notebooks are really that good. But we’ll see… Well that was everything I had to say.
Application: When you are in the wrong, don’t sit around worrying about whose fault it was. Just come back to God. When your family has fallen into sin, do not sit around worrying about whom is most at fault. You do something about it. It might be heartbreaking to see the descent into sin sometimes, but God loves to see the sinner overcome it.
Checkered cloth
Length: 21 inches
In USA’s current state of financial debt, it is best to have Joe Public type candidates running for election. Mitt Romney being 250 million wealthy, would be extremely incongruous for the current times, though if anything Romney’s family is very much American. Romney himself conversely is not very American at heart having done the corporate raider thing. How much of the 250 million is from corporate raiding Romney? That money is not REAL wealth and calculated in monetised debt and a nebulous stock market backed by QE Fiat which really has very little reality in REAL GOODS and REAL JOBS that is destroying the value of American currency. How about donating all of that (in all Xian considerations) *IMMORAL* wealth, to clear up state debt or to fund something for the people? Corporate raiding obtained wealth is shameful to own IMHO, thats the ‘Capitalist Pig’ (of fiat to boot!!!) meme of Americana that Romney represents as well – a VERY Xian type (otherwise ethical type) would not want to have anything to do with corporate raiding.
Hayden’s 380 is the only other time an Australian has scored 300 in a winning team. All other triple tons have come in drawn matches.
- SU papers from the Pocketful of Posies pack
“This kind of attack was not something that anyone could protect themselves against,” he said. “There was no rhyme or reason to it.
Part One: NDAA
Put it like this. Here are these scientists telling you probably your children and almost certainly your grandchildren are going to lead screwed-up lives thanks to our carbon emissions, and here are these economists arguing about the monetary value of their screwed-upness. Case closed.
When Spike made movies like “Do The Right Thing”, ”Jungle Fever”, “Mo Better Blues” and “X”, he always had the goal to teach while he entertained. During his appearance at ASU, he spoke of his love of history, which has always been a focus in his work. He has been one of the few mainstream black filmmakers that was had that desire and success at doing just that.
Anyways, since things have settled down a little for me now,
I replied, “Up to you.”
abetting Soh for the said offence.
Thank you very much for taking your time, Mr. Schiff!
Significant, too, is the fact that he acknowledges that he has family members who are gay/lesbian, and that he loves them. It is rare that a prelate speaks personally, let alone personally and positively about LGBT people.
I like Christmas music. I honestly, actually, truthfully do. I don't mind at all when a couple of the local stations fire up ye olde carols in the middle of November and don't stop until Christmas evening. I'm fine with it.
The first few pages of this book had me hooked. The storyline was kind of 'Men in Black' crossed with 'Stargate' and although it was immediately over the top it kinda had you enjoying it!
Maybe I can get the want to get some regular posting done because I sure don't have it right now. There is pretty much nothing interesting me in the card world right now. The 1971 set has come to a screeching halt. I'm buying zero new product (Gypsy Queen was a total letdown if you ask me) and pretty much won't be until Series 2 hits. No I don't care that Harper is in it but I also don't mind that Topps is doing it either. Harper can sure drive a product to sell and thats what Topps does, sell cards. Sell cards to make money. It's the simplest explanation that people seem to forget.
J.D. Revezzo has long been in love with writing, a love built by devouring everything from the Arthurian legends, to the works of Michael Moorcock, and the classics. Her short fiction has been published in Dark Things II: Cat Crimes, The Scribing Ibis, Eternal Haunted Summer, Twisted Dreams Magazine and Luna Station Quarterly.
1 minimal
I did though have to learn computer studies in year 1 of primary school..
I miss you so much and I don’t know what to say
COSMOGONY AS HORROR MOVIE
There are also js scripts available to disable to back button however I prefer handling it gracefully through application. There will always be a specific browser version which won’t work with the script. So never trust such scripts for critical steps. You don’t want your users to resubmit same information by clicking the back button.
the delight of living without denial
Anyway today I have the Revlon Scented polishes that were realeased last year. You know, I'm actually not sure what the collection was actually called. All the polishes have Fizz in the name.... All the polishes are fruit scents and rather sheer glass flecks.
Believe it or not, Dooney & Bourke makes some very special bags for Disney, which can only be purchased through the Disney parks, cruises, and the website. There is a variety of whimsical, magical collections from which to choose from. I ended up choosing a bag from the "Sketch" collection...
"(I Want to) Come Home" - Everybody's Fine
In Washington, about 1,280 cases have been reported in 2012, and officials believe the state could see as many as 3,000 cases by year’s end. Health Secretary Mary Selecky declared the epidemic April 3, and since then officials have bought up the vaccine and made it available for free for people who don’t have insurance.
28 God blessed them and said to them, “Be fruitful and increase in number; fill the earth and subdue it. Rule over the fish of the sea and the birds of the air and over every living creature that moves on the ground.”
Reading Gurjinder Basran’s Everything Was Good-bye is making me feel really sorry for my sex. I mean, I know women have struggled throughout history…to have equal pay, to work, to vote, to feel safe at home and out on the street…but, most of the time, the framework in which I have studied and read about these issues is about breaking down staunch, patriarchal institutions and the cultural beliefs that these institutions create.
Our ward is pretty diverse and so we got the pleasure of being filmed yesterday. I'm not sure if this (diversity) is the reason our ward was picked, I'm just assuming. It could be that the stake public affairs director lives in our ward?!? :)
When biscuits are done, cool for a few minutes. Cut in half and place one half in a bowl or plate. Add a small scoop of ice cream, then a large spoonful of strawberries, then more biscuit. Then a little more ice cream & strawberries. Top with coconut cream (optional).
God is always present, always. He watches us as we do our jobs...as we use what belongs to others. Jesus tells us here that if we don't take care of things that belong to others, can He trust enough to give us things of our own?
I have found myself being more patient with others. I am sure this has to do with all the self discovery I am doing as well, but regardless of the source, it feels good. There is one things that I have discovered in my patience: other people are really struggling to be happy. In this struggle, negativity comes out and sometimes is directed at the outside world. Understanding that these people are doing the best they can with the mindset they have (Deepak Chopra) has helped me to be thankful for my journey and not be harsh in judgement of them. They are trying. I am thankful for being thankful.
We men – wear sunglasses on the beach to protect our eyes from other eyes.
Laurel raised Tom’s pistol so that the barrel pointed directly at Craig’s forehead. She tapped him on the nose with the end of the barrel and he didn’t react but his eye locked on the two fat men behind her. His arm lifted and pressed against Laurel as if to move her out of the way. Craig stopped. He looked at her face and sniffed, then turned again to Tom and Peterson. Laurel pulled the trigger and where the top of Craig’s head had been there now a blasted mass of bone and brain with blobs of dripping red tissue sliding down. Craig’s body flopped back to the concrete.
However, the problems start with the meat. The plot picks up considerably. Clive is scheming. Sam is scheming. The Mob comes. The Mob threatens. Mae is scared. Quig is helpless. The painter, the lonely man at the counter, is, well . . . you’ll see. When the action quickens and the dialogue pitches higher, things get a little out of hand. Once the mob gets involved, the play takes on the quality of a gangster film, which are still a joy to watch but cannot help but come across as a bit hokey to a contemporary audience. We seem to know the characters well -- we seem to have them figured out.
The philosophy of mind community acknowledged the problem of consciousness in the 1970s and 80s through some seminal work by Ned Block, Frank Jackson, Saul Kripke, Thomas Nagel, John Searle and others. Prior to Chalmers the “mysterians” such as Colin McGinn had argued for a kind of epistemological (or “property”) dualism (we must concede that consciousness cannot be incorporated into physical science, but maybe we can concede this without giving up materialism). But Chalmers’ sporting brief for metaphysical dualism represents a kind of apotheosis for the problem.
I also have a 24-70 mm lens, which is great for everything. I have an inexpensive tripod but never use it because it's so stiff and won't move with me. Which is one reason my photos aren't sharp as they should be.
To that end, we must restore honor in our own lives. Seek after the truth. Declare right now, that no longer will we simply accept what is told us by the media or anyone else.
I suspect that the leading Family Law bloggers may be rather surprised at this.
and with that, i'm off and running through my to-do list for the day so i can be ready to play with you all tonight!
Man: Yes, Goats
We really needed the no pressure relaxation that we have had most of the time, and we will get back into the exercise routine after we get home Sunday. (Monday will be tiring and probably a little painful.) I have been ruminating about a few serious topics for blog posts, though I confess that my readership has shrink so much that it sometimes feels futile. I really am writing for those in my family who may still be interested in what I have to say/
Favorite Line: “Girl, I know you’re doing the same thing, too / But I won’t tell your man the things we do”
While fighting the fire, fireman David Hunter discovers the young girl’s body and a mysterious glass ball. When he goes to speak to the homicide detectives he comes face-to-face with Detective Olivia Sutherland, who he spent the night with two years previously. Drawn into the investigation personally and also professionally, David and Olivia search for the killer of the girl and also of the security guard who was shot at point blank range on the site.
Find the Virtual Superbrand
Refinish the Wood Floors
My mom got this blow up kiddie pool from a friend, and had never opened up before. It looked like a decent size from the picture on the box, but once we started blowing it up we quickly realized that it was more like a baby pool. It may not be as big as pawpaw's pool, but the kids didn't seem to mind one bit!
Oh how I love a big bow. This is just one of a few projects that I've been working on involving oversized bows. I can't wait to share the others with you as well. I hope you like bows as much as I do...
/rant.
I did most of my shopping online (and I'm pleased with the results, so pleased), but there was one undelivered snafu. I could remedy that by going to the mall today, although Cranky kindly suggested that we wait until later next week. He is such a good boy.
hand crafted, the surface of the pencil is carefully plated with a thin layer
In addition to my holiday items, I've also included some Primark purchases I made just today. On Friday I plan to go to Liverpool with my boyfriend. We planned this a while ago, to have one big shopping trip at Liverpool One in order to buy everything we need for the festival holiday. However this hasn't really worked out for me as I've pretty much bought everything I'm going to need (minus the actual camping equipment, oops) but we are staying over in a hotel and plan to go out for the night so I'm really looking forward to it! This is why I went to Primark today to be honest, to buy a new outfit for my shopping trip (don't judge me), I couldn't help it as I really wanted something new to wear! Anyway, the first thing I saw was this gorgeous tan satchel bag (satchels seem to be very popular at the moment). Can you believe it was only £3.00, reduced from £7.00!
General Offer
These thoughts are never over. They aren’t. It is a thought that is continuous, unfortunately, and all we can ever ask for is a change of weather.
And what of my father, a man who crept in and out of both the house and my life with barely a footfall? He brought me into his study, a room I had never entered. There were egg boxes covering the entire wall space. He explained these were a cheap way of sound proofing, which had been insisted upon by my mother for whenever he played his HiFi in the room. And they must have been remarkably effective since I never heard any sound escape into the belly of the house. I wondered whether they also protected his ears from her ground quaking gyrations in the lounge. He announced that he wanted to record my voice, on a wall mounted cassette deck he'd secured from a music studio that was being decommissioned.
Originally posted October 19, 2009
Downstairs I went, one step at a time, each a reminder, "Do not worry. Do not worry." After retrieving my Bible and a hot cup of dark roast, I settled down to do a word study on "worry".
7. Preheat the oven at 400 F.
I want my children to grow up thinking that people can be fair and kind and wonderful. That I am fair and kind and wonderful. That they can be too. I would rather my kids start with this assumption, and be disappointed by those who contradict it, than start with the assumption that people are just unfair and we all have to accept that as part of life.
The No Points for Style Bad Ass Blogger Award is given for just one thing: bloggish bad-assery. If you read my blog, you know how highly I value honesty – the kind where a blogger spills her or his guts in such a way that we all remember that we’re never, ever alone in the world. This award is for bloggers who write posts that cut right to the heart of the human experience. It doesn’t have to be tragic or devastating or earth-shattering (though it may be); it just has to be real.I earned the privilege of wearing this badge with this post about the heinous PPD experience I had after the birth of my son. My guts are still hanging out all over the place from that post, and I'm proud to be "Bad Ass." So, thanks again Adrienne. No Points For Style is a highly recommended read for anybody who is affected by a child with mental illness, or anyone who wants to understand mental illness from an honest and raw inside perspective that is beautifully, poignantly written.
When Sunday meets an enchanted frog who asks about her stories, the two become friends. Soon that friendship deepens into something magical. One night Sunday kisses her frog goodbye and leaves, not realizing that her love has transformed him back into Rumbold, the crown prince of Arilland—and a man Sunday’s family despises.
Celerie Kemble, daughter of acclaimed Palm Beach interior designer Mimi McMakin, has recently published a book titled “Black & White (and a bit in between): Timeless Interiors, Dramatic Accents and Stylish Collections.” I liked the book because it's fascinating seeing a focus on just black and white and I liked the advice Kemble gives.
Her 2010 release, a live album that celebrates her 15 years of career as a recording artist, 15 Años, won Best Copla Album at the Spanish Music Awards and was nominated for the 2011 Latin Grammy Award for Best Flamenco Album.
2 march - Hipnoza - Katowice, Poland
unleashed, unto the fulfillment of your will and desire in wonderful and
Why: As a cotton fabric the chino is a very comfortable and easy pants for spring, and can serve as a dressier style than for example Jeans and therfore can be used for a smart/ business casual dress code as well as for a relaxed weekend look.
I am heat-embossing-challenged so I opted for the easier (in my opinion) dry embossing.
I can not control my racing thoughts, the craziness that seems to not only follow me, but actually embraces me and threatens to strangle me in its hold.
circled in slivers of high yellow moons...
20. The joy of winning.
The gates lift at His command, and this King of Glory enters… All bow before Him. All give Him praise and honor and glory. All worship and adore Him. He goes up to the Father – to the Father’s right hand – and He sits on a Throne that is both great and white – and He looks to the Father, and He says, “Father, it is finished.” Not a question. No hint of not belonging. Perfect Son and perfect Father and perfect Holy Spirit – all Three in One. The Father looks at the Son, and says, “Yes, Son – it is finished indeed.” Oh, can you see the Possessor of this Throne – the rightful Owner – the rightful King!
224K m3 of various (PI) Planetary Material.
“The lovely girl who is soon to be your daughter-in-law is pregnant, Pricklewood. Her unborn child is a boy. This boy will be forced to live with his maternal grandparents because his parents can’t afford their own home. He will attend the local school and grow up talking with a cockney accent.”
Lopez said under Mexican law, the group can be held for up to 90 days while being investigated and could face fines on charges of illegal entry to Mexico and possible criminal charges for the fake identification. He said it was also possible they would be considered for asylum if they sought it.
Merry Christmas baby,
The process of expansion into higher consciousness requires that we honor universal principles as well as the natural environment, and thus allow ourselves to be guided by them. Achieving this is an enormous step, for when we are truly in harmony with these things; we are able to express the authentic essence of who it is that we are as spiritual beings — thus becoming one with all of life.
Do you prefer printed books or ebooks?
Picking out those three actors should in no way diminish the accomplishments of the rest of the cast which includes memorable turns by Andie MacDowell, Bruce Davison, Julianne Moore, Matthew Modine, Anne Archer, Fred Ward, Chris Penn, Lili Taylor, Robert Downey Jr., Madeleine Stowe, Lily Tomlin, Tom Waits and still others.
I’m crossing over and I’m walking in clovers
Now for my questions. Answer them very, very carefully. You will be graded.
Now this is only a very short synopsis of a marvellous romantic comedy play that is extremely fun and merry to read. It does not and cannot encompass the play’s beauty,comedy and complexity wholly. There are so many layers to ‘A Midsummer Night’s Dream‘ that one is perplexed whether Shakespeare wrote it only for mere entertainment or for other instructional purposes as well. It may not be one of his best plays but still remains a popular one that is sure to make anyone laugh. And if the Shakespearean language daunts you, don’t fret, it isn’t that difficult. Just try reading it aloud, going with the flow of the verse, comprehension will come to you eventually (Plus the notes and the annotations help a lot). And if you can, go watch its performance which will further deepen your understanding of the play and perhaps kindle a love for Shakespeare forever freeing you from the tedious rom coms of today!
More enchanting sounds and harmonies, in this case guitar-based, are to be found in Real Estate's sophomore work "Days". The New Jersey band follows the example of its recently reenergized neighbors The Feelies, creating the sort of majestic guitar soundscapes which could become the perfect companion for a road trip. And in case your road trip needs something a bit more psychedelic, try following "Days" with Wooden Shjips’ latest effort, "West", for your maximum trippy enjoyment. As for The Black Keys' just-released seventh effort, all I can say right now is that with every new spin of their "El Camino" this week, the album keeps climbing up in our year-end list, reaching higher and higher. Tune in around Christmas to see where exactly it will end up.
Regionally, you'll find F.X. Matt (No. 6), Dogfish Head (No. 12), Brooklyn Brewery (No. 13), Victory (No. 27) and Blue Point (No. 34).
New section 102(a) is comparable to EPC Article 54 in defining an invention which is part of the state of art before the effective filing date. It not only lists a broad definition of such invention, an invention which is available to the public as provided in EPC Article 54(2), but also examples of such inventions, an invention being patented, described in a printed publication, in public use or on sale. These examples are copied from the current patent statute and are associated with the peculiar interpretation of these examples based on the first-to-invent policy. For example, ‘public use’ includes an inventor's own secret but commercial use (Metallizing Eng'g Co. v Kenyon Bearing & Auto Parts Co., 153 F.2d 516, 517–8 (2d Cir. 1946)) excludes experimental public use (City of Elizabeth v American Nicholson Pavement Co., 97 US 126, 134–5 (1877)). Because US courts usually retain an interpretation of the term through its case law, unless the interpretation is expressly repealed by Congress, it is likely that US courts would interpret the definition of the state of art under the AIA differently to that of the EPC, Article 54. Despite this ambiguity, the AIA has removed the geographical limitation with respect to public use and sale and has thus harmonized with the EPC and Japanese Patent Act (JPA) in adopting worldwide novelty.
I'm flattered that many of you think I'm a good writer. Sometimes I wonder.
1 minute on low using electric beater and a couple of minutes by hand should do.
Does anybody (again, outside of a small deviant pocket) even think that way?
i am creating...
“Give me her full name. I will find out.”
Besty!!!
Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back
It’s important to note that for a true Pin-Up look, a semi-matte finish is needed for the foundation. Followed by a setting of loose powder. In the era of the pin-up most foundations had a semi-matte or matte look to them.
And it's a good thing I added that last sentence because my stamps this week are:
Happy St. Patrick’s Day! May luck find you when you need it most!
But first, Sunday Stealing.
painted the sign above the bed on a piece of a broken antique crate.
5. You reach your last day understanding that you missed the opportunity to catch a glimpse of mastery because you bough into the lie that you had to be resigned to mediocrity.
To the drippings in the pan, add 1 tablespoon of olive oil and add the vegetables. Season with salt and pepper and stir for 2-3 minutes.
Can I start by saying I totally LOVE Things I'm Loving. I've been an avid Things I'm Loving participant all along, so I was sad to hear that Kristy from Paisley Jade was ending her regular weekly linky since it is one of my favourite posts to write each week. For me, it's a fantastic opportunity to share the simple things that I have loved throughout the week.
This is Stoic virtue. As Nietzsche clearly saw, this is hardly the Christian ‘otherworldlyism’ in which this world is devalued, and some other world valued over life here and now, in the manner which Hadot rightly criticizes in his otherwise beloved Neoplatonics. The Stoics have what today we would call an “immanent” ethics, one which doesn’t have some standard of good or evil that would be transcendent of this world. Rather, there is only one world, of which the gods and spirits were a part, and any ethics derives immanently from what’s here.
"You must be really glad you did White Strips, with all these people taking pictures of you."
First:
the number of trend lines led to the same place,
Scramble the eggs into the pan until cooked.
I used my wee butterfly punch and added some pearls to their bodies.
1 onion, cut in thin wedges
I take back my last post, and only wish that I would have taken a before picture of the "nursery". We took the kids to Braelyn's gymnastics, then swimming, and then dinner. It was a rather late night for the kids, but I wasn't too shocked since we've done the same thing in the past. What I was a little shocked about is that Justus (some of our best friends) was father of the year and brought his 3 kids swimming and to dinner with us and let Kyrsten have a night off. Honestly, the entire time I kept thinking (and was very vocal) "I cannot believe you wouldn't let me have a night off and bring the kids yourself Mike. Seriously, I'm the third wheel, extremely pregnant, and sitting on the side of the pool watching." Anyway, we finished dinner around 8:15 and came home. Because we have Braelyn's birthday party first thing tomorrow I rushed her upstairs to get her to bed, which turned out better than what Mike had planned. As I was walking down the hall I kept thinking that I smelled paint, and then I stopped right outside of the "nursery". I saw a flash (camera), but that wasn't even the part that surprised me. I saw the dresser sitting there, which confused me since Mike took all of the furniture to a lady to have painted (or so I thought.) Apparently something that I have known for a long time just became more real. I have the best friends ever! 12 of my best friends, and husbands all came up with the idea to decorate my entire nursery. They know me all too well. They know that I 1. Have no skills with anything decor, and 2. That I have been very stressed out about my "crunch" time and how I feel like it's never going to get done.
you get on my nerves
We are looking to welcome some new artists to our Get Picky family! We would like to extend our design team and also secure artists interested in our Monthly Guest Designer positions. If you think you would be perfect for either position, please read on.
Anyway, it all got me to thinking that while evolution is completely ridiculous maybe we need to rename Intelligent Design so that kids could understand it better. Maybe it should be called Pretty Intelligent Design or B+ Design. That would be a lot easier to understand and it would get my son to stop asking questions.
And if you’ve got a holster,
4) There should always be something in a space that throws the decor off just a bit
With Special Guest
INVESTMENT: $65
Prepare the pancake batter: In a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder and salt. Whisk in the milk, egg and oil, just until the batter is moistened. Or prepare a pancake mix. Set aside.
a table now blackened tin sheets, my hand truck a fossil.
just so you know
My sleep pattern has completely changed in a matter of years. Gone are the halcyon nights when I’d put my head down and be out for the count for a good 8 hours+, all the way through, not a peep out of me until morning. Now I wake several times a night, more often than not with a bladder that is not exactly bursting but nonetheless refuses to hold onto its minute charge.
I’d play a song that would never ever end
About: The first amateur script to ever crack The Scriptshadow Top 10. Tyler was an unsold unrepped writer out of Brooklyn when he sent this to me. After I sent the script out to half a dozen industry contacts on Wednesday, the script has found its way into every agency, management company, and studio in town. Late yesterday, Tyler finally made his decision to go with WME, who will put a package together for the project and go out with it in the near future.
We have this on-going friendly battle when it comes to cooking times and what ‘done’ means. To Scotty, it’s a slightly undercooked cookie, soft gooey cheese on pizza, and not really toasted crust. Whereas for me, it’s a chewy crispy cookie, nicely golden cheese on pizza & crispy golden crust. So where is the happy medium? I say, let’s just agree I’m right.
AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAAHAAHA
The prettiest hairclips and
What I like about it...
Stolichnaya Razberi (Raspberry) – 37.5%
This book is free and given out by Pulmozyme. I contacted their customer service line and was able to get a book sent to me. Another way to get this book would be to contact the CF Clinic's Pulmozyme representative.
The blogesphere has allowed us to share, read and connect with a global community. To feel like we quite know each other and enable us to grasp a level of inspiration, admiration, variation and reflection we all give and take from this, is beautiful.
Then I write the last line first. From a workshop by the Harlequin author Molly O’Keefe, I got the concept that the entire book hurtles toward the last line. By writing the last line first, I would get the “theme” or message for my book. Here’s an example: “But happiness waited for them both here. Here—where they had found home.” This story will be about a couple not only falling in love, but also finding out where they belong in the world.
China National Nuclear Corp. said it’s in talks to buy a stake in uranium mines owned by Areva SA (AREVA) as the world’s biggest energy consumer prepares to resume approval of new reactor construction.
The following announcement came in our recent Diocesan e-mail newsletter, and be forewarned, you can't make this stuff up.
For another example, here is a quick background paper I made with this technique but this time I used an orange multiliner SP to draw the outlines. I like how much softer it is than the black outline, especially for background paper. I'm going to use this for something I'm doing in my duck-themed bathroom. Cute, quick, and I know the colors will match perfectly.
Now, he is said to have said, “It shall be done unto to you as you believe.” In other words, if you believe your efforts on this planet will make it a better place to live, and I mean if you really believe it in your heart, that’s what you’re going to be making. So, let’s call this a law since, if it is true, it works according to how it is used, and must work according to how it is used. I could start getting Euclidian on this concept, but the point is the law is that it shall be done unto you as you believe. The other law, or rather the working-to-the-extent-of-being-experiential definition of God, is absolutely everything without exception; from our perspective especially the whole of humanity since together we comprise most of the highest levels of consciousness we are typically aware of. And when I say higher I do mean compared to a rock, or a gerbil, or a head of lettuce, etc . . .
IMF = I Am Motherfucker
For those of you who don't know, Saleabration lasts from 30 December to 28 February. During this time, for every £45 you spend on Stampin' Up! goodies, you get an exclusive, limited edition stamp set absolutely free! The stamp sets this year are absolutely beautiful. As can be seen below:
Guess what ugly arse horrible color our team is?
the elections in November if Zelaya wasn't restored to office to
Trusts are part of the law of property, and arise where one person (a “settlor“) gives assets (e.g. some land) to another person (a “trustee“) to keep safe or to manage on behalf of another person (a “beneficiary“). They were originally derived to get around the English Common Law restriction on not being able to hold land jointly. It therefore could potentially act as a holding body for land assigned by deed for the ‘beneficieries’ which would be defined in the trust. Trustees have to be unanimous in their decisions and are personally responsible to their beneficieries, so appointment by the Development Corporation of persons with no financial interest in the outcome would be a potential approach. A trust however would be quite a rigid model, unless rigidity in holding land was the intention, as it is for example in Community Land Trusts.
“Someone please help me with his papers, that’s all he had, please help,” she continued.
The papers are a designer digi set I bought a while ago especially to use on a card for Rachel as she loves the pink and black combination. These are gorgeous papers and I think they will get plenty of use in the future. Some black lace, pearls, ribbon, a flower and pins complete the card.
Academic Excellence
I’ve always been interested in moral issues and it seemed to me that, ethically, it was backward to be surprised by someone who doesn’t stereotyping people or attack them for their sexual beliefs, comedic intentions aside. Instead, tolerance and acceptance should be such commonplace ideas that I, along with the rest of the public, should be intent on causing a fuss until we see them become normalized. Why had I been so okay with holding my tongue and letting so many jokes—or even just assumptions—go as if it was nothing? As if they had no real effect on the way that power functions in the world, and that I wasn’t giving in and letting go some of my personal power every time I stayed silent? The basic answer is that I had seen the exploitation of gender and sex be treated as nothing so many times before, both in my real life, and, arguably more importantly for improv comedy, in television comedies. I think it’s very easy for life to imitate art when art becomes so popular and pervasive that it stops being considered an interpretation or a commentary and becomes instead the norm. Television, which is such a staple in most American homes, works like that. It’s not real life, and yet people are willing to make real life opinions and decisions based on what they see and hear there. Famously, this works on a number of different levels. Subconsciously, one might think of the first televised presidential debate in 1960 in which Kennedy beat out Nixon, as I had been taught in school, because he was more handsome and appealing when seen on television. More consciously, and timely, consider the SNL Sarah Palin sketches? How many times was Sarah asked if she could see Russia from her house in her real political campaigns because of a fictitious depiction of herself. With so many people watching and talking about it, it became main stream.
Exsoteric: You've just listed three very timeless beauties. Does that encapsulate your whole design ethos?
when I leave my bedroom.
1/3 cup white granulated sugar (I'd try less, maybe 1/4 cup, with the yellow mangoes)
"see if it looks as if it had been built by strong men; if it has the sort of roughness, and largeness, and nonchalance, mixed in places with the exquisite tenderness which seems always to be the sign-manual of the broad vision, and the massy power of men who can see past the work they are doing, and betray here and there something like disdain for it. If the building has this character, it is much already in its favour; it will go hard but it proves a noble one"
(H/T MMDave)
Me: Oh, that flashing light? That is a tower, and the flashing light on top keeps planes from flying into it because it's hard to see at night.
2 cups coriander seeds
One of Louise’s larger ideas concerned something she called “Intrinsic Validation”. Behind this term is the belief that “the most powerful validation you can give another is to care enough to step into their world and listen without giving advice, feedback, or criticism.”
By taking silly decisions
Early in her career, a critic once quipped that if white bread could sing it would sound like Olivia Newton-John. Though the easy dismissal stung then, Olivia has had the last laugh. Whether she’s singing country or pop, Olivia’s fans love her. She’s sold a 100 million albums, won four Grammy awards and seen 14 of her albums certified gold by the RIAA. Her Asia 2012 tour which began this month will see her catching up with fans in Thailand, Singapore, Malaysia, Philippines, Hong Kong, Indonesia and Sri Lanka where she will perform at the Musaeus College auditorium on April 4 and 5.
Brendon – Gimme Some
Just now, I have received by mail an ad from a journal called “The American Conservative”. This journal opposes the coming war with Iran, just like all other “imperialist wars”, out of conservative, anti-statist values. “War,” write the editors, “is in fact the true nurse of executive aggrandizement”. So it seems that in the American right, too, people recognize the “cow paradox” and are consistent with their anti-statist approach.
So to have listened to Mussolini in the 1920's or even earlier would be to have heard most of the Leftist ideas that are still being preached today. Intellectually, the 20th century was largely Mussolini's, strange though that may at first seem. He substantially foreshadowed not only Lenin, Stalin and Hitler but even Gorbachev, Deng and Tony Blair. If any one man therefore has a claim to embody the Leftist politics of the 20th century, it is surely Mussolini.
Once again I must point out that I have yet to read of Ahmadinejad ever saying simply, clearly, unambiguously, and unequivocally that he thinks that what we know as the Holocaust never happened. For the record, in a speech at Columbia University on September 24, 2007, in reply to a question about the Holocaust, the Iranian president declared: “I’m not saying that it didn’t happen at all. This is not the judgment that I’m passing here.”
Or her desire for June and evening, tipped
03. Moby Dick
These photos certainly do not do Margaret Elmes’ paintings justice so I would invite you all down to the shop this weekend to view them in person There also silk painting and pastels!
Wax paper in a square pan, squished it all down & stuck in the fridge
Article 31: If the circumstances of the unlawful act are grave, the copyright administrative management entity may confiscate the materials, tools and equipment etc., used mainly in producing the infringing products.
Riker looks inside at Penny and Annika, then at me. He gives a discreet cough. Then I remember.
Starting weight: 145
Date: Sunday April 22, 2012
Every Easter in our house is gluttonous, but this one was particularly so.
3. A survey of church records relating to the alleged victims of abuse and the
WIE: It’s interesting that, while you turned to spirituality because you felt that science wasn’t really satisfying your own search for truth, you have nevertheless remained a scientist throughout.
That’s all I could think when he looked at me under his glasses, the kind with the thin wire frames. They were glasses you’d see on a general manager at Burger King. They didn’t match his pressed suit or his neatly combed hair. But that wasn’t it.
Melissa Frances 5th Avenue Collection (1 sheet each)
I'm a man who has got real humour and I'm as real as whiskey and fucking beer,
she later saw;
The synopsis is taken from the inside flap (back cover)
Conclusion- Wrath has its share of flaws, and it’s really missing the fantastical flavouring that really makes a strong fantasy movie. Even merely decent fantasy movies like Clash have this flavouring in some shape or form. Wrath on the other hand is mostly dirt and grit, further rounded out with lifeless characters, a bland story and a presentation completely devoid of wonder or surprise. Despite all of the complaints I could level at it though, I am inclined to offer some perspective as well. First, there are some things that Wrath does indeed do better than its predecessor. The action scenes feel more satisfying to watch, since they don’t overly rely on special effects, and they spend more time utlizing handmade stunts and powerful fisticuffs to make them feel more believable and lifelike, even if the occasionally shoddy editing can sometimes get in the way of them. Another thing that Wrath undeniably improves over Clash is the quality of the 3D, which now actually works in the movie’s favour, both enhancing the might and fun factor of the action scenes, while also giving the movie an effective sense of atmosphere, which it admittedly could have made better use of if the dry, dreary desert sets had a little more variation in them. Again, if you absolutely abhor 3D and insist on watching the movie in 2D, it’s still well viewable in that format, and it’s not a movie with a fantastic, essential 3D job like, say, The Lorax, where you’re really not getting the full effect if you watch the movie in 2D. Still, Wrath has a very high-quality 3D job behind it for a post-conversion, and if you’re willing to tolerate 3D, I would extensively recommend seeing Wrath in 3D if you’re going to see it at all, because it makes the movie so much more engaging and easy to get sucked into compared to the 2D version. Some of the choppier action scenes may be all the more disorienting in IMAX 3D, which is something I’ve heard from some people who saw that version, but whether it’s 3D or IMAX 3D, the movie is made better by its 3D presentation, and you should go that route if given the opportunity. So, if Wrath does a couple of things better than the original, but not everything, which did I like better in the end? Well, I have to say I like both Clash and Wrath about the same, for different reasons. I found Clash to be a more fun and colourful movie, while Wrath was more engaging and more action-packed, so the difference is a bit of a wash. To simplify it further, Clash is a better fantasy movie, and Wrath is a better action movie. I will also say that for director, Liebesman, this is probably his best movie to date, however faint that praise is. I’m not sure how a third movie is supposed to work in the wake of this one (you’ll see), and I’m not sure how to feel about the idea of Warner Bros. commissioning it to be honest. I actually thought that Wrath didn’t do well at the box office initially, but upon researching it, I saw that the movie actually turned a noticeable profit, making a third Titans film all the more likely. If one is made, fine, but I wouldn’t really feel sad if the series ended here either, because I don’t know where else it can go. Anyway, in conclusion, Wrath is a strong 3D movie and a solid action movie, even if it lacks some of the more enjoyable fantasy elements from the original, and mostly fails to capitalize on a lot of its characters and Greek mythology elements. If you liked Clash and you want more, or you just want an undemanding action movie that looks cool and hits hard, Wrath is good enough to check out, but I’d keep your expectations in check. It seems that Hollywood remains far from a Greek mythology epic worthy of the great halls of Olympus.
Better post this while there's still time...
5 various
Something unique about the Iron Druid series that I give major props to Hearne for is that there is no “mist” or “fog” or anything that keeps mortals from seeing the immortals. I like that Atticus has to use whatever is at this disposal, whether a cloaking spell or the mental-wiping-powers of a vampire to try to explain what the mortals have seen. It’s fun to see what kind of trouble Atticus gets into and how he works his way out of it.
And the moon stopped,
At any rate, I give the bag two big thumbs up. Huge. The gentlemen loved it, too. Perfect product, very well made. I am SOLD. (And I suspect a few will be hitting stockings at Christmas, too...) If you need a concealed carry option or simply a way to carry while backpacking, this is the gear for you. Worth the price.
Still, that is no excuse for the low-rent Christmas candle for your baby's first birthday.
So sorry for the delay in announcing our winner. We've been away at conferences the last few weeks.
I don’t actually see any reason why either of those wouldn’t make it over to the US. After all, Jack in the Box managed to boost their profits by 5.8% after it started selling tacos with that same gross American cheese wedged inside the shell.
Some really shimmering sharps and flats.
* Started noticing birds.
Forgiveness
A week later, he was dead. I understood then that he wasn’t just calling to talk and check in. He was calling to say goodbye, and I had no idea.
Now I want to talk about the power women don’t realise they have over men.
Ginger garlic paste – 1 teaspoon
11. Do a two-page layout, but…
Question: Can someone else collect my passport on my behalf?
I like where I am.
This got me thinking about my upcoming race.
Calling yourself progressive is a good indication that, not only are you easily deceived, you’re clearly too self absorbed in your own desire to appear “progressive” to those around you to care that your “help” it’s not needed, wanted or appreciated by anyone other than those that convinced you that it is. Wake up! They’re wrong, and so are you. If you believe you’re acting in someone else’s best interest, “for their own good”, you are clearly infected. You are being manipulated into soliciting the government to rescind not only my liberty, but your family’s, your neighbors’, your friends’, and ultimately your own as well. The real tragedy here is that once you are infected, it is nearly impossible to cure without a similar societal trend in the other direction. A reality check to the devastation caused by the substantial loss of liberty to the entire population. Only then, when you realize you have also become a victim of someone else’s unrequested “help” will you begin to understand the damage you have caused.
I love them and also long for the other two that don't yet call me Mommy but are still mine. I go to bed every night praying for my 4 children, even if only two of them I held that day and sleep in the next room.
For those who regard the whole thing as a left-wing anti-capitalist plot:
Thanks for hanging in there and like I said, stay put. It'll be worth it.
Fresh mix of salad greens
Why did Jacob decide to return to Wheelerton with his pregnant wife and daughter after eleven years in the West? In his narration, Jacob claimed that he wanted Thunder Heart Woman and his daughter Margaret Light Shines (Elizabeth Sage, later Irene Bedard) to meet his Virginia family. Perhaps he was telling the truth. Yet, a part of me found that hard to believe. The moment Jacob began to enjoy his Lakota in-laws’ hospitality, he felt certain that his own family extend the same kind of warmth to his wife. And yet . . . he had insisted upon returning to Virginia. Why? Had Jethro hinted the truth in his ”tail tuckered between his legs” comment – that Jacob encountered nothing but failure in the West and returned back to Virginia for a livelihood? Or was it something deeper? Perhaps a last chance for Jacob to seek final acceptance from his family? Who knows.
For those who’ve been on FB since before fan pages, most blog readers are friends rather than liking the fan page. For someone in the audience, when she made the suggestion to like the page, they freaked out because feel like losing a friend. It's ok to ask and tell them that you're making FB a personal page just for family. You will lose people because they'll be hurt, but if you want to move them and keep your FB personal page personal, that's ok.
I notice beaucoup homes with two front doors today.
Even if I can get him drunk enough to put on the homemade Tarzan Banana Hammock, (again, initial caps totally necessary there) I will not be posting pictures. You all can just use your imagination.
Also, I am passionate about history, which a lot of people -- young and old, think of as boring. But, of course, it’s not. And it seems to me that young readers may not even realize that when they are reading about Titanic they are studying history and doing research. So it’s a fantastic topic to help students discover historical thinking.
pouring out your heart before The LORD. It’s not the kind of prayer where you
His fellow golfers on the PGA tour and one of his largest former sponsors, Accenture, weren’t too pleased with the statement coinciding with round 3 of that weekend’s tournament. Well, tough.
I've only lost a couple of pounds, but I'm haven't really changed my eating habits a whole lot either. Not that I'm always eating or that I eat a lot of junk food, just saying I'm not "dieting". Whenever I have tried to "diet", I just wind up freaking out and feeling deprived. Not a good thing. I can tell the walking is doing something good though, because the first day I walked my hips were killing me, but within two days they didn't hurt at all. Now if I could get my shins to not hurt, I'd really be in business!
Josephine Andrews — Associate Professor, Political Science
establish mobile police units in all
I'm pretty sure I won the coolest aunt and mom award today because I played Mario Cart with the kids. I whooped hiney at it too! We were literally rolling on the floor laughing and hollering. There were some intense, close races.
laughing hysterically as we all slid-and-slided our way down.
Together, they open their doors every night from November to March and provide three meals to those who otherwise might go hungry.
The location of his grave is lost in the annals of time, his gravestone a slab of stone merely stating that he lies nearby. The octogenarian thought it was a wonder at all that we still remember William Blake at all, when so much was lost. He pitied Blake, for he was certain that the Blake we remember is incomplete, as though we read his biography from a half-burned book.
I have seen this in real life as well, men who control women and treat them like slaves, and it absolutely sickens me. Women will have a look of fear on their face; a fear that states they are afraid to make one single mistake. They fear the consequence of the mistake and fear it may be the last they make. This is what I have never understood about men, they feel the need to ‘keep their property under control.’ Come on guys, didn’t our parents teach us better than that? I know my dad did, he taught me the upmost high end respect that I mentioned earlier. That’s one thing out of many things that he taught that I love about him. He is a prime example of how men should act towards women. But men these days feel the need to be brute, tough, manly, and like they are top dog. Back in high school as playing around was fine and fun, but in real life, it is not a game. These are lives, feelings and emotions that you are playing with and destroying.
04 Get on Out
The general election cannot be in late September as the haj season would have begun, ending only in October.
Today it was announced that after our Stupidvisor (he's a class 'A' douchebag) "retires", we will be using the services of a neighboring school districts Supervisor.
The 2 bedrooms were retained with some modifications. A Doorway was introduced between the 2 Bedrooms to allow direct access to the front kids’ room. The small window in the master bedroom fronting the air well is transformed into a large doorway to allow occupant to enjoy natural air and greenery from the bed day and night.
Let's start these new challenges off with a three way tie for the Gold Star Award
difficult task to manage, especially for young women. Every
I’m so glad I did it but every step I took I wanted to give up. I got to the first mile marker and couldn’t help but think: That was only a mile. I’m done. I want to go home and go back to bed! I can’t do 5 and a half more miles. I’ll surely die!
For the last 2 years or so, my session beer of choice to have on tap has been a Kölsch. Non-beer-snobs who are scared to venture "out of the box" usually like my versions of a Kölsch, so it's a nice beer to have on hand. It's also a nice palate-cleanser between high-gravity beer tastings. It's just always been a decent beer to have around. (I used to have American Pale Ale on tap for the same reasons).
They really rock.
So what is the answer? The answer is a combination of things. First, it is about having a balanced view of your life. Accept all the parts of it. The good things and the bad, the failures and the successes. And then learn new skills. Learn how to deal with bad things or failures in a healthy way. Learn to accept them as a natural part of your life and not let them overwhelm the parts that are good.
The LINENS had no business living at the beaches of Florida, Sister Pam and Joe find they have much business there indeed!
For those with a religious/faithful bent, “Let he who is without sin, cast the first stone!” I’m NOT so I won’t be casting any stones. I live by the motto, “To Each His Own!” Everyone makes their choices and lives their lives. As long as it doesn’t hurt anyone, it’s not any of my business. Yes, I intervene when I witness bullying. But otherwise, we are all free to live as we choose. And, like the old man’s scars, our differences make the world a more interesting place to live!
2. First I want to import three photos. I have first cropped them to square on my macbook, emailed them from iPhoto on my macbook to my iPad and then saved them into the photos file on my iPad. Of course you could download pictures direct to your iPad or use photos taken with your iPad. In case you're wondering, Kerry verykerryberry whited out the background of these photos for me and you can find out how to do the same in her tutorial here.
What powerful words, and what strength Laura Munson had. She writes in her essay that some people might think she was a pushover or that she was weak. I say that she is one of the strongest women I know. To have that kind of power to withstand those words. To stand there in the face of an impending crisis, to look her husband in the eye and tell him that she wasn’t buying it, that she would give him “responsible distance” to figure out whatever was happening in his life, that is a brave woman. To her credit, Laura wasn’t going to give him years to make his mind up – she did put a time limit on how long she would put up with his behavior.
While the kids were at the park Jeremy and I went outside and looked at the waterfall. While there the contractions became strong enough that I often teared up during them. Jeremy sang to me and rubbed my back. The experience couldn’t have been any better. Kaye came out to check on us and I told her I was feeling weak. I hadn’t eaten since breakfast. She had offered to get us lunch but we had declined. She got me apple juice with an energy mix in it. It tasted great and I felt much better. She also brought me toast and offered eggs. Jeremy wanted to make sure we made it back inside in time but I wanted to be outside as long as possible. The kids came back at 4:00 P.M. We watched them come up the hill and then they ran over to talk to us. I was in between contractions, which was nice and we were able to talk for a few minutes. The kids just wanted to get inside to get a drink. Jasper was tired so Shayna was going to put him down for a nap.
How do we welcome more of the healing power of love into our lives on a daily basis? The simple answer is found in Matthew 11:28-30 (Hebrews 12:1-2), with an additional consideration of 2 Peter 1:5-9.
30 minutes before serving:
195 7. “Freedom of Speech and the Silence of the Law.” Book Review: Frederick Schauer, Free Speech: A Philosophical Inquiry (Cambridge, England, 1982). Texas Law Review, vol. 64, pp. 443-67 (1985).
The figures have just been published on library book borrowings for the year 2010-2011. Adult borrowing is down, but children's book borrowing is up. The total number of borrowings of children's books for that year was a staggering 96.8 million ... and that's in a country with a total population of about 60 million! That is surely encouraging. And the detail of the books and authors borrowed is, I think, equally surprising and positive. People borrow books very differently from the way that they buy books. Take a look at the list of the top four hundred most borrowed authors in that year - http://www.plr.uk.com/mediaCentre/mostBorrowedAuthors/top250Authors/2010-2011Top400Authors.pdf
He was talking about what happened almost forty years ago:
Can't give any details away but I can reveal that when I write in the voice of this character, my fingers tingle with excitement the whole time! (Which, I admit, might not be completely normal!)
10:50 First groaner, with the hackneyed newspaper joke (yikes).
These are great additions, but for those who utilize AdSense, you may find that this is only supported in the Sidebar and Classic front screen modes.
Blogs that make me happy.
If you're new to Ooh La Frou Frou, welcome!
Will different societies stop defining justice according to whatever is convenient and cheap for them?
It shames me that I had no real idea regarding such conditions but can tell you Beyonce’s daughter was named Blue Ivy AND have memorized most of the words to all the songs in the Broadway show Rent.
Maybe “I love you” was never really the truth.
an apostle of godly
It is possible to enjoy something and not all of the people who enjoy that same Thing (see Harold and Maude).
misogyny continuum aren’t
There are alternative fuel sources like natural gas. Mr. Ednurseasauras had already scheduled an electrician to install a transfer switch in the basement so that 6 or 7 different electrical...things... could be run off the generator without using 20 extension cords. Unfortunately, it was scheduled for the day after we got our power back, but hey, we are all set if it happens again. That, and the 40 gallons of gas he plans to have just in case.
Maritha
One can also have a character say or do the opposite of what is expected. The classic Lou Grant remark from Mary Tyler Moore is a good example: “You’ve got spunk,” a pause, then, “I hate spunk.” Or one can have a character struggle to come up with a witty remark and finally come out with a simple “Hi.”
Ok I know it’s been a while since I last posted. But I’ve had my reasons. The major one was that I pinched a nerve/pulled a muscle in my neck/shoulder. Which did not make me a happy camper for more that a week! A lot of heat patches and a few muscle relaxers later I feel amazing! As you also know I also I’ve been temping at a local non-prophet for the last two months. Needless to say I’ve been tired when I get home! But I’m getting my energy back, sort of.
Do you want to make some extra votes? Do
-Gift cards
MSNBC reported: “He pointed to Gore’s ‘An Inconvenient Truth’ and Tim Flannery’s ‘The Weather Makers’ as other examples of ‘alarmist’ forecasts of the future.”
Three areas of strength in Litfin’s book are noteworthy. First, Litfin’s writing style is engaging. He makes ancient history accessible and compelling as he begins each chapter with a modern story that will help connect the reader with the church father’s life and work. His devotional style moves the reader toward worshiping God for what he has done in history more than the average biographical work. Each chapter includes reflection questions and a few resources to “dig deeper” into the particular father’s life. Litfin also provides a select portion of writing from each father to close the chapters.
See and see, live and see
Blood, chaos, and death ensues.
The need to reach the top of the mountain, to accomplish our desires and be successful, is the natural impulse to move toward experiencing greater happiness. The difficulty lies in believing that success means being all-powerful; we forget that there is a difference between being powerful in the sense of being egotistic and controlling, and being powerful meaning full of loving kindness and compassion. True power is not corruptive or abusive, as we are seeing in Washington and London; it transcends greed and serves for the benefit of all.
To me the NBA is the one major league in the US (your time will come soon, soccer), where the players dominate. The league reaches a level of personality that you cannot see in any other sport. Sure every sport has a few people who radiate that personality (Ken Griffey Jr., Alexander Ovechkin, and Terrell Owens come to mind immediately), but the NBA differs. Yes, they run plays, and each team has its own philosophy, but each and every player has their own distinct way of playing. For example Dwight Howard and Andrea Bargnani are pretty similar body types, but could you think of two more opposite players? But this isn’t just about body types, take the most highlighted play: the dunk. (Almost) Everyone does it, but a Vince Carter dunk is very different than that of Blake Griffin.
Who is the worst blogger ever?! ME!
Well, gotta finish up all the things I need to do here on my firends computer...and will back online in about a week from my brand new puter!!!! love you all.
And it’s not just the trades. Unemployment is as rampant in Nova Scotia as the exodus out West is. It just amazes me, I guess. The politicians in this province have been known to fight tooth and nail for dying industries (*cough*papermill*cough*), but they’ve got no drive toward attracting new, viable ones. The people here (retirees who don’t need work, I’m looking at you) have an awful habit of opposing the industries who do come knocking, usually claiming that they’ll destroy the province. Well I hate to break it to you, activists, but the province can be as pretty and environmental as you want it to be, but no one will be here to enjoy it in a few more years!
I want you to be happy. I want you to see the world for all it can be. I want you to find the things you love to do and do them as much as you want. I want you to develop your own definition of success, and then pursue it like a dog on a bone. I want you to know that I will support and love you, even if you're down. And I have only one real expectation and hope - that you believe what I just said, and that you call bullshit on me when I deviate.Now, those are expectations that I – and they – can live with.
Bombed so much, the locals needed to find ways to deal with the damage. One product of the bombs was an enormous amount of broken crockery. With little else to do with it, they dumped it, often on the fields or the allotments. I still turn up a considerable amount of blue and white pottery, and one of my allotment neighbours is collecting it for a mosaic.
If Zoya does another blogger collection, I hope they reach out to nail bloggers. I do wonder how much input the bloggers for this collection had; did it end with the mood board, or did they get a voice about the finish and exact color of the polishes? I'm guessing nail bloggers would want the latter, which may be why none of them seem to have been involved in this collection. If they do another dupe collection, I hope they reach back in time a bit more and copy things like Essie Starry Starry Night or a Liquid Euphoria or Sally Hansen Turquoise Opal. I'd be all over that. This current trio are nice juicy colors, and I can see them being popular with people who want to hop on the orange train in 2012. For me, though, I got a blog post out of them and now will probably swap them away hoping to get colors and finishes I don't already own.
14 He's Gone
You will have to attend some regular open CID/HOA board meetings to see these things or check with others you trust who have attended such meetings. And if some of the above is occurring at a level that makes you uncomfortable: Vote NO on any special assessment.
We never set out to adopt a five year old. That's not really a secret. We wanted babies or at least little boys under the age of two. But we got a five year old and a three year old and truly, we got exactly the kids we were supposed to get. Knowing that I've already missed so much of your life breaks my heart. Buying size 11 and 12 shoes for your feet, knowing that I missed all the other sizes before that, breaks my heart. They're just shoes. You'll wear them for a while, possibly pass them on to your brother eventually, they aren't a big deal.
And how about Donald Pleasance? Well, in his first scene we see him talking to an old colleague who says it's great for him to be away from everything and be retired. Loomis agrees, and then the colleague says that Loomis should...come back to work. Did anyone ever actually proofread this script? Not to mention that Loomis actually agrees, again. Despite the fact that he's been doing it for four straight movies now, I guess the studio was just that strapped for cash that they needed to get the poor old goat to go at Michael again. Even though I'm pretty sure he does nothing in this movie anyway, so whatever.
pretty nice start for a roll, huh?!
Thanks for Reading! And I Love Comments too by the way!
The Harvard Classics, originally known as Dr. Eliot’s Five Foot Shelf, is a 51-volume anthology of classic works from world literature, compiled and edited by Harvard University president Charles W. Eliot that was first published in 1909.
where they go.
He gave no further details and would not comment on whether the writer, Hamza Kashgari, would be extradited to Saudi Arabia, where some Islamic clerics have called for him to be put to death for his comments.
First, you need to mix up the dry rub. The recipe for the rub is way more than you'll need, so have a good airtight container ready to store the rest for future use. My recipe is based on Hugh's Dry Rub Recipe, with minimal additions or substitutions. Here's mine:
"GERDy man" is growing very well and is otherwise healthy, but no mommy wants to see their child spit up and choke on every feeding... so oatmeal it is! I of course made it from whole oats rather than the baby oatmeal and that was the EASY part... getting even a 1/2 a teaspoon to stay in his mouth was the hard part!
But the BYC showed me that Joshua could have given up when he became a slave in the house. But he didn’t. He could have given up when he became a prisoner after being falsely accused but he didn’t. He kept growing, he was persistent in his faith with God and obeyed him. (And I’m sure there were times he did want to give up). It also taught me that we have to wait patiently for God. I originally made plans to commit to be here for two years. But after the BYC, I started to question if two years was enough. If not for the BCM, but DC. I realized that God has plans for me and sometimes I’m just scared to admit that I need more time to grow and be more faithful. But I need to be like Joshua and wait patiently for things to happen. Even if it means becoming a slave somewhere or thrown in jail because of false accusations, I doubt that would happen that way. Oppression here is definitely one of those things in the Deaf community. But everything happens for a reason.
Angry Birds Fans around the world have so far played a total of 200,000 years of Angry Birds, with 300 million minutes of playing time daily. Moreover, more than 266 billion levels of Angry Birds have been played, with 400 billion birds launched into action, and over 44 billion Stars collected in the process.
At one point on the drive in on Wednesday (to martial arts) my eight year old complained that he had dropped his trousers in the footwell trying to get changed and the seat belt got stuck and my five year old threw up in my brand new special salad tupperware that you can separate the crunchy and the dressing. On the drive out we were nearly run off the slip road by some lady who thought she could pass me on the inside (oh, I laid on the horn) and my five year old threw up again in his nalgene. Tonight we didn’t get home until past eight, having gone to Kindergarten orientation and spending an hour and a half on a really uncomfortable chair that made my butt hurt. Then when we did get home the rain came down so hard you couldn’t even hear the thunder. My cat kept trying to sit on my laptop and help me type and I drank my tea before it was cold. I worked on all of these things without pulling out any hair…is this perserverance?
So I couldn’t help but wonder…Do our dreams define who we really are?
And then they came for the gun owners, And I didn't speak up because I didn't own a gun;
All-in-all it was a great way to conclude this week of service and to answer Dr. King’s challenge in his quote, “Life’s most persisent and urgent question is: what are you doing for others?” As one of the volunteers was leaving the event, he let out a sigh and said, “Well, that was a very good start to theday!”
the deepest half of my pre- post-Christian heart.
Through a glass darkly, I see possibilities:
The reason there was no excuse to make a poorly transforming Cliffjumper was that there was already an awesome Cliffjumper mold available. The First Edition Cliffjumper is great. I didn’t get the US version, or rather the tri-lingual version with a limited release in Canada. It is going for $90 or so on Amazon right now. So I got the Takara version. And I am very happy that I did. While the shoulders are not exactly cartoon accurate, I like them much better than the RID ones. The arms are solid, and don’t have that strange elongated look the RID version has. The arms also contain the best feature of this mold: the hands can flip around to be replaced by tri-barrel guns, just like the cartoon. This was not advertised or shown on the packaging, so I was completely surprised by this awesomeness. As far as I can tell, this is the only Transformers Prime toy that has cartoon accurate, integrated, transformable weapons. Another thing to note is that what happened to the RID versions arms and hands, happened to this versions legs and feet. The same parts that became the arms in the other version become the legs in the FE version. It looks a lot better this way. The only down side is that the feet are basically toes and don’t support the posability that the actual feet of the RID version do. Another great feature of the FE version is the chest is not faked like the RID version is. The roof of the car becomes the chest and the car headlights swing up to become part of the torso. The headlights don’t snap into place as well as I would like, so on mine, one side usually slides a little out of place. But I love that actual transformation occurs, instead of just folding back car parts to reveal robot parts. The main down side to the FE Cliffjumper so far is that I can’t quite get the car mode to fit together properly. While I have only worked on it for a little while so far, the sides of the car (robots unfolded legs) always bulge out. I am sure there is some minute bit of transformation detail that I have missed or done incorrectly, and with time I will figure it out. But if I am having this much trouble with it, others must also have had the same trouble. Assuming I can get the transformation worked out, this is my favorite Prime mold so far.
“Sam, what you have seen is the tip only of the iceberg. In fact—“
Here is the Space Magic Number #1 – 70.
I’m back writing, now that the A-Z Blogging challenge is completed, and my laptop is back and repaired. So, it’s time to re-assess the monthly writing goals.
Hasbro has released some information on some of their exclusives for Comic-Con 2012. They showed off their new Transformers releases and exclusives at the recent BotCon in Dallas, TX. There will be the usual demand for these figures at SDCC so be prepared for battle while you’re there.
Chasing Amy (Scott Mosier, producer)
Summit County Sheriff’s Deputy Dominic Martucci, 35, was initially suspended, and then fired for mistreating the inmates and having a cell phone in the jail. Martucci blasted Usher’s “Yeah!” from his phone, and called other deputies over to watch the inmates’ forced dance moves, the Beacon Journal reports.
Jay Jay can hardly wait and keeps asking:
Here is a quick post of a study about inorganic elemental contents in white rice of seven Asian countries. The authors determine the contents with neutron activation analysis (NAA).
Chicken fajita
But the company, Vodokanal, said it was a serious attempt to improve control over what comes out of the smokestack.
“It’s just a small project,” says Lisa,” but when I say to the elders: This is from my village to yours, they know exactly what I mean. In fact, they think I must be Afghan.
And when they came nigh to Jerusalem, unto Bethphage and Bethany, at the mount of Olives, he sendeth forth two of his disciples, And saith unto them, Go your way into the village over against you: and as soon as ye be entered into it, ye shall find a colt tied, whereon never man sat; loose him, and bring him. And if any man say unto you, Why do ye this? say ye that the Lord hath need of him; and straightway he will send him hither. And they went their way, and found the colt tied by the door without in a place where two ways met; and they loose him. And certain of them that stood there said unto them, What do ye, loosing the colt? And they said unto them even as Jesus had commanded: and they let them go. And they brought the colt to Jesus, and cast their garments on him; and he sat upon him. And many spread their garments in the way: and others cut down branches off the trees, and strawed them in the way. And they that went before, and they that followed, cried, saying, Hosanna; Blessed is he that cometh in the name of the Lord: Blessed be the kingdom of our father David, that cometh in the name of the Lord: Hosanna in the highest. And Jesus entered into Jerusalem, and into the temple: and when he had looked round about upon all things, and now the eventide was come, he went out unto Bethany with the twelve.
suburban and ordinary second class; 3 paise per km for mail/express second class; 5
It's definitely hydrating alright. As rich and moisturizing as this is though, I love that the texture is still light and refreshing instead of heavy, tacky and sticky. It's definitely too rich for daytime for me though (I get oily throughout the day) so I stick to pm use. The Eye Concentrate absorbs super quickly and almost gives my eye area a glossy bright eyed look. The fine lines have definitely been reduced and dark circles have lightened up.
In my humble opinion one of the core reasons is the deeply rooted tacit acceptance of traditional gender roles. This is undlined by institutional factors: the position of male priests withib Poland or the fact that Pokand has never had a female President or Prime Minister.
We have many other enemies, and amongst them some, the most deadly, hate us mostly for the good that we have done.
of crossing the bloodlines in a cardboard-box.
The Gaddafi regime in Libya has been sponsoring international terrorism for years, with the full knowledge and backing of the CIA and M16… (click here for additional info). The Libyan regime also played a vital role in delivering South Africa into the hands of Marxist-Communist terrorists.
I only wish I could say that it ended well. The LIFE photos are of happier times back in ’71.
I hide my dreams in a special place
I hope you can set aside some time to play along with our VCM blog hop, and use some of those items you've been hoarding to make cards for our heroes. Just add your creation to the linky tool below so we can all enjoy your cards too! Be sure to check back to the Stars and Stamps blog at 4PM for the next challenge.
Whereas the lady in Komarom had been patient and helpful, the station agent in Almasneszmely was an unhelfpful as he could be. He would hardly talk to us so we were on our own. We pedaled back to Almasfuzito as fast as we could only to learn that the next train to Ezstergom would get us there very late, too late for comfort. So we changed direction again, it was still relatively early, pedaled back to Almasneszmely and looked for a room, exactly the situation we thought we would avoid by taking the train. At least this village had not been bypassed by a new road and whatever there was of the village was right there. A room for rent sign soon appeared and we followed its directional arrow up a little dirt road and found the house.
Dean got his heart back that night and hasn’t stopped running. That was almost twenty years ago.
It's easy to read lots of philosophy and theory, the history and evolution of unschooling. But when you get right down to it, sometimes it's hard to know what exactly unschooling looks like in actual peoples lives, hard to know what, exactly, unschoolers do? Join this panel discussion to find out about what unschooling looks like in different people's families and lives.
My neck is so stiff it could form a label and release an Ian Dury and the Blockheads album.
It’s just a different place. It's slower-paced than Italy, less flashy than Italy. But after you've been there for a while and you catch your breath, you look around.... and you begin to notice that Holland has windmills....and Holland has tulips. Holland even has Rembrandts.
Founders KBS
My brewhouse is human, even as I, because it is my life. Thus, I will learn it as a brother. I will learn its weaknesses, its strength, its parts, its accessories, its sights and its barrel capacity. I will ever guard it against the ravages of weather and damage as I will ever guard my legs, my arms, my eyes and my heart against damage. I will keep my brewhouse clean and ready. We will become part of each other. We will hit our target O.G...
Osama bin Laden took more than American lives that fateful day in 2001. He took something deeper; he took our sense of infallability. But yesterday our fine military - the best in the world - reminded us "that you can hit us, you can knock us down, but we're gonna get up and when we do, we're gonna find you and kick your ass!" Some may lament the 'eye for an eye' attitude, but sometimes that is exactly what is called for (no small irony that he actually was shot in the eye). Let's not forget that this slaughterer of innocents, in his final moments, used a woman as a human shield. A heartless coward to the end.
I am part of what some have labeled the sandwich generation...
Saturday started with us going the local Waldorf schools "Winter Faire" The kids love this and look forward to it every year. This is where all the pics are from. I wish I would have got more, but we were having way too much fun! Bradley even won a cake from the cakewalk! ( Bradley loves cake like... well pretty much like a RAD kid with PICA loves cake. Which at my house is ALOT LOL)
I am excited to say that SOLO has already sold out of their sunglasses! But never to quit on a dream, SOLO is kickstarting their campaign to raise funds to produce their summer line of sunglasses. So far, $4,500 has been raised by 77 people.
When Diny asked me to help her also with this, I was a little proud of myself.
No line of insurance tracked by MarketScout reported a rate decrease, although rates for fiduciary and crime insurance remained flat compared with those of a year earlier.
Nutty
I rarely write anything personal about my children because some things should stay private but felt this could help someone or even help me so here is my story.
Following the blog or my Twitter isn’t mandatory, but it is appreciated.
Diploid cells (WI-38, MRC-5) vaccines have their origin in induced abortions. Among these vaccines we fi nd the following: rubella, measles, mumps, rabies, polio, smallpox, hepatitis A, chickenpox, and herpes zoster. Nowadays, other abortion tainted vaccines cultivated on transformed cells (293, PER.C6) are in the pipeline: flu, Respiratory Syncytial and parainfluenza viruses, HIV, West Nile virus, Ebola, Marburg and Lassa, hepatitis B and C, foot and mouth disease, Japanese encephalitis, dengue, tuberculosis, anthrax, plague, tetanus and malaria. The same method is used for the production of monoclonal antibodies and other proteins, gene therapy and genomics. Technology enables us to develop the aforementioned products without resorting to induced abortion. Full disclosure of the cell origin in the labelling of vaccines and other products must be supported. There are vaccines from non-objectionable sources which should be made available to the public. When no alternative vaccines exist, ethical research must be promoted. Non-objectionable sources in the production of monoclonal antibodies, gene therapy and genomics must be encouraged. It is not be consistent to abstain from products originated in embryonic stem cells and at the same time approve of products obtained from induced abortions. It is of paramount importance to avoid that induced abortion technology seeps into every field of Medicine.
Using my Grand Calibur made this next part SUPER easy. I was able to die cut the Grand Labels One AND the large pennant at once! The plates go through the machine very smoothly. I didn't use one in this project, but I LOVE to use Impression Plates in my Grand Calibur because it gives me a deeper impression than when I use my Cuttlebug. . .and I don't snap my plate with thicker cardstock like I have with my Cuttlebug.
This quilt was constructed very simply using the Quilt As You Go technique we learned back on week #7. 9 panels were each quilted separately, then connected using binding strips to create this monstrous 117 x 117 inch quilt.
2. Had my mom over for tea. She's not allowed in when Darin is here. (Kidding, Ma! She reads my blog, so I have to mess with her a little bit.)
Collar - Dorothy Perkins
Quit crying
Many such exhibition books suffer from the transfer. As an extreme example, last year's lustrous, blockbuster Alexander McQueen exhibit at the Metropolitan Museum of Art was rendered into a diminutive curio with its accompanying companion book. 'The Greatest Grid' suffers no such problem, especially to those of us who find tinted topographical maps and black-and-white images of old New York as scintillating as haute couture.
2,803 — cars in campus parking spaces at peak demand in October (according to an April 2011 study)
I’m going to give employers the benefit of the doubt and assume that they are just misinformed, though of course there is a possibility that since the majority of people in the United States are classified (in a very problematic way) as overweight or obese, employers are just using this as an excuse to save money by making their fat employees pay up. But, giving them the benefit of the doubt:
So this is not a right or left, conservative-liberal situation. This is how do we operate in a smart way, understanding that we’ve got some short-term challenges and some long-term challenges. If we can solve some of those long-term challenges, that frees up some of our energies to be able to deal with some of these short-term ones, as well.
So God turns upside down and inside out notions of who he is and what his kingdom is like. It’s certainly nothing like we might expect. His is a kingdom where it is far better to be broke than it is to be fixed, far better to be empty than filled, far better to be the sinner than the righteous.
ALONA
‘I’m afraid she’s really quite unwell,’ he says. ‘I don’t think this is a meningococcal rash, but I’m worried about her low oxygen levels, her temperature and general condition. Have you been giving her anything? Any paracetamol?’
Jellyfish Lake is connected to the ocean through fissures and tunnels in the limestone of ancient Miocene reef. However the lake is sufficiently isolated and the conditions are different enough that the diversity of species in the lake is greatly reduced from the nearby lagoon. The golden jellyfish, Mastigias cf. papua etpisoni, and possibly other species in the lake have evolved to be substantially different from their close relatives living in the nearby lagoons.
We are SO Grateful and so Thankful for those who have lovingly given to our adoption fund! It is such a blessing and an encouragement to our family! It is so humbling to see how God is working in our lives and in the lives of many people who we love--and even some people who we don't even know--to supply the needed funds to bring Joshua home. There is no better way to "store up treasures in heaven!" We continue to trust God, as we still have a long way to go with funds--but we know that He is ABLE!
Many plantation owners had sexual relations with their female slaves, but not all. Hepinstall accurately portrays Dunleavy as a man who believed slaves were property, to be bought and sold and punished according to the master’s will and whim. Hepinstall shows the resentment building and building in Dunleavy’s slaves, who ultimately decide to rebel against him.
However, I didn't know she was truly getting sick until she started engaging in the most BIZARRE behavior, for her, that I have ever seen. And, believe me, I love her and respect her and think she is the coolest chick in the world...but that is saying something!
“What is a religious man?”
Script 2
Therefore, taking into account that the thesis that is presented by the first Defendant, through the adequate means that are placed at his disposal by the other Defendants, raises the suspicion of the involvement of the first and second Applicants in the practice of criminal actions, albeit in a negligent way, among the general public, and that they, having been made arguidos at a given point in time, saw the criminal inquiry archived in relation to them, one has to conclude that it must be the rights of the Defendants that cede to the rights of the Applicants.
For over a decade I have been a loyal member of the British National Party.
The holiest of holies when it comes to essentials in the French woman's wardrobe....the right hand to YSL's 'le smoking' jacket...the black pants....Like the LBD...never leave home without them...
I have in the past with jobs been laid off, fired, given 6 months to find another job for no reason other than it was the whim of the Senior Pastor. I have dealt with the pain of my wife having a miscarriage. I have dealt with the struggles of having a child sick and flown by life flight. I have had friends turn on me and completely disappoint me with their behavior and attitudes. I have dealt with family members who were seriously depressed and others who dealt with anxiety and panic attacks. I have lived having to rob Peter to pay Paul financially. You know what though – I have in all these things seen God work and do powerful and amazing things. You know what else – everyone has bad things happen to them.
As I am almost finished with the interior decoration of my sister’s home, I called my sister to ask her permission to take pictures of her home. And she agreed!!
Sarah Smiley is a syndicated columnist, author, and military wife. Sarah and her husband Dustin have three children: Ford (10), Owen (8) and Lindell (4). Dustin is a Lt. Cmdr. in the Navy. They live in Maine.
I have a little reputation when I spend my vacation in Ireland when it comes to the weather. I was watching the forecast closely this week (one needs to know what to pack after all) and the weather was just beautiful but I knew it couldn't last. And sure enough it will break when I touch down tomorrow in Shannon but as of today only 2 days of rain are forecast and it'll be a little on the chilly side. (The second photo is in centigrade by the way - changing my mindset to the metric system).
‘Objections, digression, gay mistrust, the delight in mockery are signs of health: everything unconditional belongs in pathology.’ and ‘Madness is rare in individuals– but in groups, parties, nations, and ages it is the rule.’ (before Carlin, with Clemens)
* In the town that I live in there is a speedway, about 2.5 miles from my house, where races are held several nights a week during the warmer months – stock cars, modified, trucks, you name it. One weekend in July there’s a huge race – the Oxford Plains 250 – that is very popular. About 10 days beforehand, campers start arriving in town and begin parking on any patch of ground within a mile of the speedway, including the fields on both sides and the edges of the parking lot. There are literally hundreds of them, and they’re everywhere. It’s like a little community (we call it Trailer Village) and the beer is a-flowin’. There’s no actual campground facilities, but the speedway opens their bathroom facilities to the folks. I have no idea what they do about showers (and I don’t want to know.) The traffic in town gets crazy and the police force of our little town has to work triple overtime. It’s happening this weekend, and I’m going to take a drive or a walk through and get some pictures – I’m hoping to find the guy who makes a hot tub out of the back of his pickup truck – he’s my favorite.
Instead, I spent my day doing completely unicultural undiverse things like getting on with my life. Had I known the UN would have disapproved of this, I might have thought twice.
Oh. Wait. One more thing about last night. As we were heading down to dinner, I happened to glance over at the front desk, and who should be standing there in serious conversation with the concierge, but Clive Owen. In the rumpled, work-out-clothes-wearing, still-sexy-as-hell flesh. Yes.
3) Has Charlie Sheen made Mel Gibson look like a nice guy after his incoherent ranting of the past week? Now he states that the only way he'll return to the show is if he gets a raise from 1.8 million dollars per episode to 3 million dollars. He figures its it owed to him due to what the show has put him through lately. Delusional antics at its best.
The story line is based on three main characters; Basil Hallward, Dorian Gray and Lord Henry Wotton. Basil is Dorian’s closest friend at the beginning who paints a portrait of him and has a sort of obsession with his beauty and perfection. Lord Henry- an arrogant self moralized individual cant wait to meet him but basil is afraid that he would corrupt him. And so he did we learn as the novel progresses. The moment Lord Henry meets Dorian, he somehow manages to change the naive young mans’ entire perspective and attitude towards life and people. He manages to persuade Dorian to sell his soul for eternal youth and beauty and thrive on pleasure without the conciseness of good and evil.Dorian distances himself from Basil who gave him the portrait as a gift and continues to be influenced by Lord Henry. A number of events contribute to Dorian’s downfall where he exhausts his advantages of eternal youth and beauty without any consequences. However, the consequences do somehow catch up with him as leaves ugly marks on his portrait where the reader soon assumed is his soul and conscious. He hides the portrait but after some serious events involving the death of some characters, he decides he wants to be good again and destroys the painting killing himself in the process. All that’s left is the former beautiful painting that was made at the start, with Dorian having paid the consequences.
Next request "A dictionary"?
Sun 10/26 Tempe, AZ Marquee Theatre
He breathed hard, shocked by his sudden transgression and felt, for the first time in his life, as if a great weight had been lifted from his shoulders. Downstairs, he heard the screech of tires as the Thought Police's rapid response unit pulled up at the door of Integrity Mansions. He heard the Thought Police's heavy feet on the stairs, coming for him.
(Actually, the Costco initiative not only shows that our initiative system can be bought, it sets a price tag on it - $33 Million (22 from Costco, 11 from the Beer and Wine lobby opposing it). Now we just need an initiative saying that you can pass your own law for $33 Mill, and leave us middle-men voters out of the process entirely).
I think many of us assume our friends already know this: They must know what we appreciate about them because we spend so much time together. But they may not know the full story, and who deserves to realize this type of appreciation more than a friend?
how to bubble
This Friday we had our first very real emergency. There was nothing I could have done to prevent it, and I did everything in my power to stop it. I know that. I’m proud of the fact that my baby is still alive and healthy and that I stayed calm in the scariest moment I’ve ever faced. But now that the snow storm has settled in my glass bubble, the emergency long forgotten in her mind, I feel like my pieces of courage will never quite fit together the same, they’ll never again be that solid brick of mama invincibility again without little holes of fear of another emergency looming just under the surface. This Friday shook me back to reality and smacked me in the forehead with the reminder that even if you do everything right, life is fragile and anything can happen in an instant.
Being thrown up on. One of the many joys of having small children/babies...
The very competitive nature of mass media ownership helps dominant ideologies prevail — if so many different outlets report the same news item in a nearly identical way, that “spin” can easily gain wide acceptance. Or if stories are reported differently by competing media outlets, but with the same dominant set of presumptions underlying them, those dominant presumptions, products of ideologies widely propagated by elite institutions, similarly serve as ideological reinforcement.
I decided to keep up with the other series from the same magazine before tackling this series. Anyway, given that I posted an entry for another series, I decided to keep up with this one.
A conspiracy theorist would have to confront issues of timing. According to a legal filing by the ESDC, the Final Scope of Analysis was expected to be issued by mid-March, but delayed because of the legal wrangle over whether attorney David Paget, who had just advised the developer, could work for the state agency. A conspiracy theorist would have to think that Forest City Ratner welcomed the delay, because otherwise the Final Scope would have been issued before the state budget came to a vote.
She is the co-founder of Traveler's Gift Vacations (www.travelersgiftvacations.com) and founder of Sarah Wauterlek Photography (www.sarahwauterlekphotography.com). She is the author of the book, Young Widow: A Memoir.
Also, report identity theft to your local police department. If the crime occurred somewhere other than where you live, you may wish to report it to law enforcement there as well. The police will create an “identity theft report” and you can request a copy.
so look out.
Yesterday I colored up three turtle images (in the spirit of my mud team, the "Fast and Dirty Turtles".....but I promise no more mud talk....back to cards) and made the first one into a card using Deconstructed Sketch #50 and my all-time favorite OCL set, "Kona."
Perhaps our mission is much simpler.
It was easy for me to dismiss this lady as a terrible parent, rage against her, and move along; after all, her behavior, the way she handled the situation, simply disgusted me in so many ways. That said, I really have no idea what preceded this event minutes, hours, days, or weeks ago. I have no real idea of what kind of parent she is at all. Maybe her son has needs that she does not know how to fulfill. Maybe the structure of the class, combined with the mom's expectations and the structure of his school day, was simply too much for him to handle. There could be a number of reasons why this played out as it did. To be sure, there's no real excuse for it - but there could be reasons. I simply do not know.
When, after introducing to us the parable of the vine, He went on to teach us that the branch which is separated and sundered, as it were, from the mother who nourishes it will be wholly useless, and doomed to be consumed by fire, He thereby terrified His disciples not a little. For awful tidings, even though they have no reference to the present, are likely to cause no little alarm to their hearers, especially when the obscurity of the future engenders the suspicion that what they hear may come to pass. Just as the voyager who is about to cross the sea before him, when it seems probable that a storm will actually arise, and the billows rage, and the wild waves lash themselves in fury, even though he do not see these things before his eyes, and they stand yet merely in expectation, and that perhaps baseless, fears them as though they were in his sight. He then fitly raises up anew His disciples, trembling and struck with terror at these dreadful tidings, and stupefied by the thought of future trials, to a sustained courage; and leaving His sad discourse, speaks to them of their joy of heart in God. For it is not, He says, O My disciples, for this cause that I have now spoken these words unto you, to rob your minds of courage, or to inspire in you a vague terror, nor that you should be found altogether broken down by the thought of evil to come, and unable to endure to secure your own blessedness, but that you might be quite otherwise affected, and have pleasure of heart in Me, and that My joy should abide in you.
(Excerpt from You Can Go Home – Deconstructing the Demons, copyright 2012 Sharon Crawford)
Two weeks ago our beloved god daughter was here and we floated on inner tubes down the Comal River with friends, took Luke to the beach almost every day,
You can see what kind of stuff we listen to, like and post.
The first group of 11 officers (a married couple, 4 single women and 5 single men) sailed on August 12, 1917. Evangeline charged them: “You are going overseas to serve Christ. You must forget yourselves, be examples of His love, willing to endure hardship, to lay down your lives, if need be, for His sake. In your hands you hold the honour of The Salvation Army and the glory of Jesus Christ…. Anyone failing will be shot! She concluded, “I promise you nothing. I don’t know what you will get into, it may be life, it may be death; it may be sickness, it may be loss – I promise you nothing!”
* Ability to express complex analytical and technical information to senior management or to audiences with clinical training
In March of 2010, Mr. Jonathan had sent Douglas to meet
So while the USD is under pressure, flowing from concerns over its economic outlook and Europe is a continued and continual mess currencies of countries that are seen as either relatively more stable economically, like the Aussie, benefit from speculative buying.
6 Brown Sugar/Brown Sugar (Segue 107) 1972
Some channels which also have newspapers broad-casted the event and then written about it in their papers shamelessly the next day saying, it's an offence.
Whoa! That is currently my favorite opening line, ever. I mean we can get an idea of the character from the blurb, so when we read this it’s like whoa, what kind of girl is she, really? It also sets up the age bracket pretty much immediately in case there were any confusions, as well as the setting, having an executioner and chief of prisons pretty much sticks you solidly in fantasy. I love this first line and it more than did its job in getting me to read more.
Mellie couldn’t answer.
February in Bradborough, with east winds blowing down the narrow streets from the rain-sodden moors, was even at the best of times a trying month. Three days before the meeting which he had arranged with Evans, Digby was in bed, with a bottle of cough medicine and the second volume of Motley’s “Dutch Republic” on the table by his side. Dawson was more than usually assiduous in his care.
60. Save the Cat! Blake Snyder
* Fear of rejection.
Fun? Gosh I thought writing was life who has time for fun? I’m kidding. I write lol. I read, edit, write articles, travel, play tennis, crochet, make blankets, paint, ride horses, fish, scrapbook, review books for other authors, text (I’m a pro at this) I listen to music and watch movies and I wait for the day mine moves from movie consideration to “the big screen”
My Dinner -
Wild Bill - director: Dexter Fletcher (UK) - This little film has a big heart along with some clever writing, sincere performances and plenty of amusing moments. It may be a little uneven at times, but I think it's entertaining and funny enough to find a good-sized audience.
The sets for the shots were built by model-maker. The black and white parquet floor alone took seven days to build from 6000 pieces hardwood. The walls were cast in white concrete, deliberately left with an imperfect finish.
The final session we had was back at our offices. With the memories of the course still fresh we set about planning any changes and actions that we would take to improve our teams’ functioning. I am pleased to say that I have implemented 80% of the plan I put together and the results already show. We have better connection and hence better communication within the team. Team members have commented on increased confidence following a reorganisation of roles and responsibilities and there are no grey areas left uncovered in the gaps between our respective roles. There is greater trust since I learned how to devolve responsibility for tasks and projects to be completed without being prescriptive about how they would be achieved. The final piece has been to draw up a vision and mission statement so that we can be reminded what we are aiming for and what success looks like for us. We are much more certain of the expected sales outcome much earlier in the quarter and this had a lot to do with improved planning and greater visibility and control of the deals we would work to win. Over and above we are a more focused, supportive and industrious team who rely on and trust each other to work towards our shared vision and mission. Watch out competitors! And customers – you’re going to get an even better service!
This is because the “new improved” Twitter gives my poor old computer fits; it will work for a very short moment, then everything freezes. I haven’t been able to so much as look at my list of followers in several weeks. Hopefully, this will eventually be resolved, but it will probably be a while.
I believe that the British National Party is the only hope for Heanor and her residents. The message of hate from ultra-left extremist outsiders should be discounted for what it is - interference in local decision making.
There is a lot that would be said..
Hugging the rock wall, we followed the path back to the top as quickly as that path would allow. By this time, we could feel our skin starting to tingle from the electrically charged air. Once we were safely ensconced in the car, we sat in silence and watched as, all across the distant mesa, deep pink lightning flashed again and again and again, against the darkening sky.
Nutmeg -
The word is poiesis. Look it up. It has connotations to genesis or to new forms of life.
In a large fry pan, add some of the cooking oil and turn the stove burner to a medium-high temperature.
A weekly feature hosted by GReads that showcases music. Book Playlists Edition is basically whatever songs you relate to a book or an author's actual playlist. This is obviously not the actual Harry Potter playlist that J.K Rowling wrote to, or had in mind, but this is my Harry Potter playlist. It's an odd combination, I won't deny that, but whenever I hear these songs, Harry and Hogwarts immediately comes to mind. Feels like deja vu sometimes actually!
I had meetings with clients to discuss projects and most of the calls abroad were scheduled during US times. After discussing I would be given for the day and then the next morning won’t be the normal due to the tiredness from the night hours. I started spending time watching movies at homes to avoid unexpected sleeps and be available for the meeting.
1.Preheat the oven at 350F. Grease a 9 inch round cake tin. Line the bottom of the pan with parchment paper. Grease the parchment , dust the sides of the pan and parchment with flour. Spread the walnuts in a single layer on a baking sheet and toast until fragrant, 8-10 minutes. Let cool completely.
Doesn't want a serious relationship...Wants to sleep with you and still see whats out there...to sleep with.
The wall just to the right of the door is to be setup as the entryway.
Throws off a sweet floral smell as the head dissipates, and settles to a nice grainy smell. Still a bit sweet, apparently from the lactose.
He died in Holland and was buried there.
Variously reported, anything up to 59 percent of the population want an immediate election after the bailout has been decided but, whether a rejection of that demand will translate into violence is anyone's guess. The media, talking up the prospects of a violent response, talk of 2,000 demonstrators clashing with police, but these are small numbers compared with the half-million that the unions can put on the streets.
As a footnote to our visit to Vic, one stall holder having learnt of my nationality quickly asked my opinion regarding the prospects for Scottish Independence following the Scottish National Party’s victory in recent Elections. I dually gave him the proud Scot speech, adding the need to consider deeply all of the facts before ‘going it alone’, as it were. Without blinking the same man then asked me of my opinion on the subject of nothing less than crop circles, those geometric forms that appear in the corn fields of Southern England and which are alleged by some to be the result of Extra Terrestrial visits. I swiftly dismissed this idea as mere fantasy and we walked on.
What the proffie forgot to tell us is that the Glen Grey act was a British experiment that applied only to one location (now called a township), the Tambookie location outside of Queenstowns after the place got so overcrowded, because of the Xhosa’s own created famine of 1856-1857 in which they killed all their cattle and burned down their crops because a teenage prophetess called Nongqawuse told them that it would make the whites disappear into the sea.
6½ cups unbleached all purpose flour + 1 tbs salt, mix
So it's been a really crappy couple of weeks. I'm not a huge fan of this time of year in general. But this year it seems different. For several reasons. I just think there's something really off kilter in the universe (or maybe just Lisa-land) that needs to be worked out.
I thought the hight would have an effect like difficulties to breath, a higher heart beat, head aches or similar. But instead the only effect it had on me was that I really had to focus on what I was doing. I had to concentrate all the time, had to watch every step. But that was all. Lucky me :)
At first, I was doing a lot of work with updating the Facebook page, connecting to the business that does their email newsletters, and creating a Twitter page for them. I also began working on writing material for Nimbash, their annual fundraising event that drives the work that happens most of the year. I began attending their events to photograph the people and the art and even got a couple of pictures published in the St. Helena Star.
1. This is our year.
On the other side of the puddle the capacity for a long, hot violent summer is unfolding; Occupy is present in London, of course, warming up for the London Olympics. This time last year, demonstrators were burning down houses in scenes reminiscent of the Blitz. The financial crisis on the continent has manifested street violence to the point where politics-as-usual in Italy and Greece has simply ceased to exist.
Mateja Marinkovic (Violin)
“..@harveyofficial I think I’ve met you once maybe twice at public events and With your wife!! #s**tjustgetsweirder.”
I'm not going to bore you with a step by step guide to what I did all weekend. I spent the majority of my time peddling Chap magazines and Bounder's moustache wax to the great British public...oh and posing for photos...lots and lots of photos. The Chap crowd became a sort of freak show for the tourists and I was starting to get slightly peeved when people continued to take pictures of me even when I was stuffing my face with greasy chips.
When you sit down to do a drawing or painting of an event or a story, how do you know exactly which moment to pick as your moment to illustrate? This can be especially challenging when dealing with a scene full of action and drama.
Like it's never-ending..
Saturday is the big move of everything but we’re hoping to have enough essentials over there by tomorrow that we can start staying there tomorrow night.
Some of you may not know either... that these girls that I draw talk to me... it was something I discovered in the February 29 Faces challenge... they tell me the colors to choose... the hairstyles they want... some quite early in the piece and some a little later into the drawing... and sometimes they tell me stories...
Congressional Democrats are hitting popularity levels almost as low as the Republicans, and that's tightening up the generic ballot in our newest round of national polling.
Here are just a few photos from the days we did nothing.
02-Freedom Singers-Bangarang
**I will no longer be posting my blogs for Rhino’s journey under Daily Dose, it will just be under the Rhino’s Jounery tab and then under the weekly tab.
1 x Concealer
1. Favorite author?
I think this says something about our American culture. With our advances in medicine and our fear of facing pain, we run from it as fast as we can. You intentionally get busy back at work. You run to what’s funny immediately following tragedy. You force yourself not to cry. We are afraid of pain, so we run. While other cultures, including the biblical ones, spent considerable time grieving, Dustin Shramek writes,
So many of my Blogger Friends have this award already so I'd like to award it to the People's Friend Magazine 'cos, you know, it IS a Friendly Friend.
Of course, I should have anticipated this in advance. But what’s interesting is that, had they wanted me and had I joined, we would have been in the curious position that the person who was by far the youngest in the band was trying to do all these old songs and the person who actually sang them originally could not remember how they went.
It is a very special moment for us with 59 students of the Class of 2012 graduating today. The students at the IWSB have a very pivotal role to play in the progress of the school and the Class of 2012 have shouldered their responsibility in an excellent manner. I would like to highlight some of the achievements of the last academic year.
In a smoothie
Mob hits. Cheating wives. Dental assistants with a love for Walther PPG’s. Plots within plots…and of course, as Bruce Willis puts it, “the great and powerful Oz.” Every line is unexpected, every scene played a little against the trope. Crisp, clear humor of the witty variety with just enough stupidity to keep it fresh.
<U+F0A7> More and easier access to White “wimmins.”
of the fabric of modern music, from hip hop to techno.
It has only been a few weeks, but I really think it's time to go back. The first photo is of Cinnamon Bay, and we stayed in a "rustic" cabin just a few steps from the beach. The second photo was taken from a taxi ride on the main road, and is of Caneel Bay resort, the not-so-rustic place where celebrities vacation. Every cab driver we met told us that they see Alan Alda all the time out here. We didn't see him.
You love love love swinging
Sangre doesn't really strike - it's basically the same intensity, no matter how you work it - as long as you don't burn it out. It's a wonderful layering glass, in my opinion, but can almost seem like an opaque when you use it as a base by itself. It's not too stiff and doesn't spread or bleed. None of the reds seemed to bleed at all, and stayed put for the most part on all the beads, even when raked.
With my guitar beatin’ rhythm to the click-clack of the wheels
Alyne de Winter
I’ve already had my go at hosting a session, which means that it will be my turn again at some point next year. I’d better start planning my menu now. I might even get Mr Young to dress up as a butler. That should make up for any potential shortcomings on the exotic crisps and guacamole front.
You will not be forgotten, you will always be remembered as heroes. Every one of you. Whether you lost your life on 9/11, narrowly escaped or helped others to safety…we will not forget you. Some of you lost your lives that day and we will not allow you to die in vain. We have sought out those responsible and this kind of terror will not happen to another country if we have anything to say about it! To the Firemen and Policemen who worked that fateful day, we owe you big. You may say you were just doing your job, but you saved lives that day. You risked your life so a father, a mother or someone’s child could come home to them. You are a true hero in every sense of the world. Every American is thankful to you.
I only have three left of the original pieces.
If you want to include all things defined as "guns", the "most powerful" is going to be either the Gerald Bull "supergun", which though it never fired, would have been about 150 feet long and 16 inches in diameter, but which could fire a projectile into the edge of space; or an artillery piece launching a nuclear weapon. For "biggest" you would probably choose one of the absolutely gigantic 24" to 36" artillery pieces created during WW1 or WW2, which launched projectiles as much as 12 feet long and weighing as much as 15,000lbs. So, moving on from that, the question is still basically impossible to answer simply, because the "power" of a firearm is determined not by make and model, or actually anything about the firearm itself; but by the ammunition that it fires.
Sarene is a princess from a neighboring country who was betrothed to Raoden. She traveled to her wedding to find that Raoden had died (because nobody would tell her he was a zombie), but the betrothal contract was worded in such a way that she would technically be married to him if he died so that the political union between the two countries would be preserved. Sarene finds it hard to adjust to life in Arelon, especially because women aren’t taken seriously there, but finds herself playing an increasingly crucial role in preserving Arelon’s future.
Seems a bit cruel, doesn't it? To imagine what that Native child might feel like hearing that dear old Pa was stalking Indians or, as he says "wild men"? How can we possibly describe Little House in the Big Woods as an exemplary text?!
Michel Simon Drôle de Drame
3 Sentiment Rubber Stamps: My place or yours, Bring your jammies & Uh-Oh Spaghetti Oh's
Quick To Judge
But luckily I am pretty good at dreaming up things to do, or re-do. Our next-door neighbor got a new job and moved to Waco, and as part of their move they gave us their smoker. We already have a gas grill, but the smoker allows me to cook items over charcoal and throw in some wood smoke to boot. We’ve cooked ribs, turkey, and chicken so far. The problem is, we don’t really have a place for it. Because it uses charcoal for fuel, it is not a good idea to put it on the deck or near the wood siding of the house. We have a large area near our rain tank, but the ground is covered in bark mulch. It is a disaster waiting to happen. The solution is for me to install a flagstone patio. Ah, a project. And it requires digging. Even better. Suddenly I spring back to life after a languid summer of hiding from the heat inside the house.
Then there is my walk in closet. That gives me nightmares just thinking about that and I'm wide awake.
2) TOS -- a total waste of time. A significant number of blogs are in violation of their terms of service for a multitude of reasons. Reporting them is a waste of time as no action is taken. No action and no communication. I used to faithfully report dead blogs and nada, zip, no soup for you when it came to getting them taken care of. Pop-ups, redirects, auto-play audio, spam sites are all listed as a violation of their TOS.
the swing, nothing there and guess he must have checked
I do tutorials, I love tutorials, however, it is quite ok to use them as tools for learning and improving your skills. We all need a little teaching sometimes.
Also, a huge thank you to Katie Garner, the brilliant creator of Secret Stories, for making this giveaway possible! :)
Knowing that only a very few organizations such as these win, time after time, is depressing mainly because it underlines that most organizations are still doing very little. Certainly very little that is innovative or genuinely helpful to older people.
There are two issues I have with this fruitless and no doubt very expensive exercise by the ANCD; First, it wishes to impose on us an environment in which it is deemed evil to associate any mention of alcohol within the boundaries of school fundraising and thus demonise a legal and socially acceptable element of modern human society.
yeah, that's why i'm voting for the OBAMA/BIDEN '08 ticket!
By the time we got to the hill at about 1130 there were plenty of gliders in the air, however the sky wasn’t looking quite so good, but as we walked up the first gaggles of gliders in the BCC comp were already getting high and leaving the hill, so it was clearly working ok.
Several hundred protesters, alerted by the social networking site Facebook, turned out to rally on Wednesday night against plans by the billionaire's System Capital Management (SCM) company to build a multi-storey business centre on "Andriyivsky Descent", a picturesque cobbled street and one of Ukraine's best-known tourist spots.
On May 24, 2010 Russ and I had our 8th anniversary and true to form the day turned out to be a bust.
But she showed them a finger,
Israel can be proud that it fosters a culture which is willing to be that self-reflective, unafraid to look at itself, warts and all, and in the process produce such transcendent works of art.
Hannah began pinning the wet clothes onto the line till they stretched out, heavy in the still morning air. Later the breeze would pick up and dry the clothes as they flapped in the wind. It was a beautiful sight to behold. Hannah hoped the wind would stay gentle until the last piece was fully dry, but with spring days, one was never sure. The wind could have a mind of its own.
We find this to be quite worrisome.
Caution should be exercised while adding oil also during the process of beating the dough don and rolling. Do not be tempted to add more oil. The end result will be oil dripping falis.
In military terms, partisan rangers are irregular military forces organized to oppose control of an area by a foreign power or by an army of occupation through the use of unconventional insurgent military actions. Typically, rangers are well-trained irregular soldiers who operate deep behind enemy lines harassing enemy formations, disrupting enemy lines of supply and communication, and engaging the enemy at its weakest point to create havoc and general disruption of military operations.
I am also really excited that I will be releasing a new book (mystery series) next month. THE GREY TIER; A DEAD CELEBS MYSTERY. This series will be under my name Michele Scott, and although is has the humor and romance that the Nikki books do, there is an added element of paranormal and urban fantasy to it. It's a bit different for me, but I have had a blast writing this book and my fingers are crossed that readers will enjoy it as much as I have enjoyed writing it. Here is a bit of a preview. Check back over the next few weeks for more chances at Amazon gift cards, and pre-postings of the new book.
The blog posting is intended for His Excellency, Honorable President Obama which I believe will be very much helpful to the ensuing Presidential Election 2012.
Oh well, who cares, I am far less fond of this design than all other alt HQ designs (like Arkham City and Arkham Asylum, both of which I have never drawn before either. I totally should.)
I mean, yeah, I went back to work the weekend after I came back. And yeah, I’ve already been called in to work extra hours and yeah, I sort of space out when I’m actually in the building, stare longingly at the Eiffel Tower background on my phone, and rub my hand over my tattoo just to remind myself that it’s there (and what it means, just in case I let work-related brouhaha get to me), but then there’s also the whole… being back in my room-thing. And the whole “everything is in front of me and ready for the taking” – thing. And all the… I don’t know… different feelings for a different setting. It feels like the right place to be just like anywhere else I’ve been was the right place to be in that moment.
I’ve had a guilty conscience for awhile now regarding my children’s exposure to media. I have questioned some of the things I’ve allowed my children to participate in. After reading this book, I really feel convicted to make some changes. The contents of this book may be hard to swallow, but I believe after reading it, you, too, will see some areas you can improve in your own home.
I drifted back to one of the most embarrassing moments I had in my first 3 years of parenting… There would be MANY more to come… but this was one I have never had the good fortune to forget…
warm with extra spice~
RE: London
To arrive
Closing date: Wednesday 22nd February at 21:00 GMT.
"What a dumbass."
First, Thank You! I've received a lot of new peeps recently! Yay. Welcome all! Also, What up? to my older rockers!
Min 8: #31 came here because the following search terms led him astray: “between chubby and slender women which one are sweet when having sex” (I’m not kidding!), “bunny with down syndrome”, and “where do I find crack whores in manhattan”. But, once #31 realized this is NOT a blog with maps detailing where to find manhattan crack whores, filled with pictures of dancing bunnies with down syndrome, and articles discussing the difference between rubenesque and slender women having sex, well, once he realized that he immediately unfollowed. Fine, #31, but had you only given me some time, it could’ve been all those things for you and more.
They leave that to us,
"Guess what I'm thinking of," she said.
I should not be satisfied with the legislation which you suggest. I feel that it would only be tinkering with what is really becoming a fundamental problem for us all, though it is only beginning to push its ugly head above the surface of politics. The figures which we have been given make it clear that we are faced with a problem which, though at at present it may be only a cloud the size of a man’s hand, may easily come to fill the whole political horizon! Indeed, if something is not done to check it now, I should not be at all surprised if the problem became quite unmanageable in twenty or thirty years time. We might well be faced with very much the same type of appalling issue that is now causing such great difficulties for the United States. The main causes of this sudden inflow of blacks is of course the Welfare State. So long as the antiquated rule obtains that any British subject can come into this country without any limitation at all, these people will pour in to take advantage of our social services and other amenities and we shall have no protection at all.
The current agreement says that insurers must include flood cover as standard for properties built before 1 January 2009, where the risk of flooding is low. But companies also agreed to cover at-risk households who already have flood cover to renew automatically with the same insurer, as long as flood defences are planned to be in place within five years.
“The body of Calvert Vaux, the missing landscape architect, was found in Gravesend Bay at the foot of Bay 17th Street, Bath Beach, at 9:30 ‘o clock this morning. A workman on Fry’s coal dock first saw the body being tossed about in the rough water, but when he rushed to the shore to secure the corpse it disappeared. It was some minutes later before Mr. Fry himself saw it drifting alongside the bulkhead out to sea again. With a boat hook he succeeded in bringing it close to shore. The police had been notified in the meantime and Acting Captain Barford and Roundsman Gaughran of the Twenty-fifth sub-precinct hurried to the spot. The tide was high and very rough, which made it very difficult to secure the body. It was finally necessary for someone to go right in after it and without a moment’s hesitation both Barford and Gaughran walked in up to their waists. They then succeeded in bringing the body high up on the beach. The police surmised the moment the word came in that a body was found that it was more than likely that of the missing Mr. Vaux.
But his state BN colleagues have called for polls to be delayed until the second half of the year, a sentiment echoed by their neighbours in Sarawak.
The number of weddings has risen by 3.7 per cent in a year. Analysts believe the recession has caused a return to family values and a desire for the stability marriage offers.
Who paid the person at 21d
If there was a way that I could make you understand–I wonder if you feel this way. I feel this way–wishing there was a way for us to understand each other.
The UWI Open Campus helped to pioneer the conveniences that many students across the Caribbean region now enjoy, including flexible class schedules, evening classes, continuous enrollment, digital access to library and learning resources, audio- and video-conferencing, online classes, an online student management system, and a region-wide academic network where students all over the region can interact.
In order to respond to that range of possibilities, homescale windpower units need to find their way back into the conversation of our time and, more importantly, up above the rooftops of homes across the modern world. Professionally manufactured wind turbines of the right scale are a good start, and those green wizards in training who have the money and lack the fairly modest technical skills to build their own could do worse than to buy and install one. Still, there’s also a huge role here for the homebuilt turbine, and for those individuals whose willingness to get to work shaping turbine blades and bolting together octet truss towers might, as things unfold, lead to a future career.
The ceremony was beautiful, the priestess funky, the capiz shells hanging overhead chimed a pleasant accompaniment to their moving promises to each other.
The counsellor asked me to describe what had happened in our relationship and for the third or fourth time from a different person, I get the spiel about how much he really must like me but he just couldn’t get over his embarassment. As much as this is nice to think about, it doesn’t help me that X is out there, potentially still as head over heels for me as he seemed to be at the time, even up to the day we broke up. I can’t live with that hanging over my head. I still like him ever so much, but I cannot change him. So that was a sore point.
Jesus' appearance to Thomas and Thomas' response are proof of Jesus' resurrection.
Oh and most exciting news is we have your birthday all scheduled! July 13th at 7:30 am! Yup we are having you on Friday the 13th which Daddy thinks is so rad and so do I since your big sister Gabby also has a birthday on the 13th (in May though).Of course there is always the chance I go into labor or my water breaks before this date but for now your birthday is set to be July 13th, 2012.
I cringed a little at that. Because if there is one thing I don’t know how to do, it is spell or punctuate. Or count, but that’s a different issue.
Could I live there? I don't think so. Maybe. I think that mash of people would send me insane.
On the good side of things. I've seen the sunrise creep over Niagara Falls with one leg in America and one in Canada. I've seen the sunrise come up over the driftwood and calm surf off the coast of Victoria. I've seen it come over an endless stretch of road in Kansas, being the first thing that greets you in hours, just barely tinting the horizon.
Nice afro! The guy Luke Mahene, The God of Love - well, his hair is insane. He's just thanking people we don't know, at least he does it quickly. Bubye!
Bake for 60-75 minutes, or until knife or toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean. Do not open the oven door until the 60 minute mark, or the bread will collapse in the center.
It was just three short years ago the Dr. asked if we were “ready to have the baby?” It was 4 days before you were scheduled. She thought something just didn’t seem right. You’re growth had slowed down for the last week. And your pulse was slower than what it had been for all the other check-ups. As it turned out the umbilical cord was wrapped around your neck. It wasn’t bad at that point, but it’s a good thing we didn’t have to wait. I am very grateful to have the wonderful doctor that I have.
“The common enemy of humanity is man. In searching for a new enemy to unite us, we came up with the idea that pollution, the threat of global warming, water shortages, famine and the like would fit the bill. All these dangers are caused by human intervention, and it is only through changed attitudes and behavior that they can be overcome. The real enemy then, is humanity itself.”
--snookiecollins
Right from the days as little girls (me and my sister) till the date my sis got married and I moved to Finland, we have stayed completely over protected, right under the shadow of dad, hardly did we know what the world was. Our world used to revolve around, mum, dad, school and college. We still are quite tightly knitted family. Never did we have the feeling of want nor any desire since it was already there for us when it has to be. No we weren't spoiled but they thought us where our limits should be. Moving far from them has been a challenging but a beautiful learning experience.
The only thing that disappointed me was the ending. I really wanted Shannon to kill Brandy, not give her a new start. I mean, it was a nice thing to do, but it seemed inconsistent with her character. She was angry and spiteful and lonely, and saving Brandy’s life by giving her an identity she’s always wanted is just too big of a stretch for me. I guess it kind of furthers the idea of her being invisible though because now she isn’t even technically a person anymore since she abandoned her identity. I was also a little confused at how Brandy and Evie had planned everything. I didn’t really understand why she was wearing a bulletproof vest and then Evie hugged Shannon and thanked her…. I was able to follow everything up until that point. Well, except how Manus’ mention of sailing to Shannon was an indication that he was cheating on her with Evie. That didn’t make sense to me either but I figured I just overlooked something.
Well Mom, asks the farmboy. What are we doing today?
The difference in the beer is spectacular. Last time I was in and had a chewy, spicy Red Alt. Today I tried the Amber Ale, an uncomplicated beer. I am crap at guessing hops, but it seems to me like they've started putting Cascades in it. I'm looking forward to this summer and the Clockwork being a place one can wholeheartedly recommend once more.
If Talk Be Bothersome To Ye...
Which seems to be the source used by Sturtevant at least. It is not inconceivable that a Huguenot priest would make such an allusion. (Venus is not usually a gardener, though she says through Ovid that she picked some “golden apples” — whether these are oranges or quinces is another topic — from her island of Cyprus for Hippomenes to use to distract Atalanta.) But there does not seem to be any such passage in his published work. At least I have not found it in any of the French editions of the Histoire or the Latin translation. Versions even show up in French works, often in guillemets, but apparently as translations from Lindley's English. Before that, it appears in Floriculture Magazine (1840), where it's Jean de Leary. And the remaining sources are the works of Charles McIntosh: Book of the Garden (1855), The Orchard (1839), The Practical Gardener (1828). The earliest even says, “in the inflated style of those early times,” which certainly suggests that he found the quotation in an older source. If it were before 1716, there might be some mention in Lochner's extensive Commentatio de Ananasa sive nuce Pinea indica Vulgo Pinas (online). And nothing similar is in EEBO or ECCO. So I do not know where it came from (and would welcome suggestions).
A recent poll commissioned by Generation Opportunity, a non-profit think tank that concerns itself with young Americans, found that “just 31% of 18-29-year-olds approve of Obama’s handling of youth unemployment while 69% say the current leadership in Washington fails to reflect the interests of the younger generation.” That is very bad news for Obama and, if they vote, very good news for Romney.
Until I taught in London, where it very often rained!
Someday soon I'll fade into a broken place like you've been telling me
I hope you all pop over to Pause, Dream, Enjoy - see what our DT came up with, and play along with us in this week's tag challenge. I hop you all have a great weekend! See you again soon :)
That said, I don’t really want to pay $10 to read the second novel. As other reviewers have pointed out, Ana constantly refers to her “inner goddess,” and it gets to be quite annoying after the fiftieth mention. Also, I find the endearment “baby” to be quite nauseating, so the fact that that was his main term of endearment for her got to me. I realize that I’m probably alone in this opinion, but I thought I’d mention it anyway.
SARA CROWLEY Talented short story writer, novelist in the making, bookseller and certainly candidate for the most superb Mum on the planet. We talked about The writing of a ‘modern classic’. Dylan Thomas, David Jones, toffees, and tea with Obama.
11) I Don't Like It
And look, here's Hank Aaron on Home Run Derby. Now that you know he grew up in a house his father built out of scrap wood, it's easy to understand his expression when the announcer explains that consecutive home runs can earn one thousand dollars. A final note: it's remarkable how handsome everyone was in 1959.
High on my list of comfort food would be something pretty traditional from the coastal idyll of my roots. Fish and seafood, for example, would be perfect as my homeland—Kerala—is particularly known for its brilliant seafood delicacies. It makes me smile in reminiscence of the visit from the fishmonger carrying a basket of daily catch balanced on their
Wood Flower by Kaiser crafts: B34, V06. Since this wasn't made of bits of ground-up wood like the tag it absorbed the color different. The marker dyes flowed more with the grain of the wood, while the other piece stayed fairly crisp and clean.
Alter the rebellion Chinamora and his family lived on Chishawasha Mission farm. * became a Christian with the name Kasper. The Government called all chiefs of
Let’s be ourselves!
If you'd like some truffles for your mother, mother-in-law, daughter, sister or friend for Mother's Day, please contact me at benefitsofchocolate@yahoo.com by April 30! I have two piece boxes, four piece boxes, and nine piece boxes available, for $4.00, $6.00 and $13.50. You may order all milk, all dark or an assortment.
When the time came to make the cookies, I got out my alphabet cookie cutter set and searched for the "I". To my dismay, it was not the kind of "I" that had top and bottom lines - instead it just looked like a long, skinny rectangle! I immediately asked my husband if he could make me a custom "I" cookie cutter. Lucky for me, he made it (out of a soda can) that same hour! (Thanks hubby! You're the best!)
3 afraid
I still believe that the Egalia experiment will result in much pushing of water uphill, but I also think it's a worthy experiment. One preschool will in no way undo the influence of biology or the rest of society, but it will be interesting to see what it can do.
Wrapping things up, the gore and eyebrow aspects of the film do come together in an extreme manner when the duck killer takes a razor blade and glides it across a woman's eyebrow before plunging it deep into her right eye. I have a feeling both camps will be upset by this scene: The eyebrow folks won't like it because it shows the killer ruining a perfectly good eyebrow (creating an unwanted Vanilla Ice effect in the process), while the gore cabal will cringe because everyone hates eye trauma; particularly people who have eyeballs that work and junk.
Not the superb ships with sail-power or steam-power, fetching and
Stuff that increases taxes often disguised by using other words such as various fees, "value" added tax, etc.
“Best pizza ever! I grew up in the valley and there is no where here in south florida to get pizza like that.” (Ft. Lauderdale, FL)
Receive what You give,
Obviously this isn't working so well. I've told myself we'd give it until Allie's a year old until we do anything "drastic" (and no, I have no idea what "drastic" means for us. I know it doesn't mean straight-up CIO, but it might involve some more crying than happens now). And for better or worse, I do keep hoping. Like the nights she falls asleep without nursing and goes to sleep on her own. I think *awesome*, she can fall asleep by herself! But what works one night, doesn't necessarily work the next. And I have to be honest - routine is challenging for both me and my dh. Maybe Allie NEEDS routine, and we're not giving it to her. At least not as "rigidly" as she would like. I don't know... (and of course if I *knew* anything about parenting, life would be so much easier - right?!). :)
As for me, I think I'll just have a good cry.
Unfortunately, my early attempts left out some key elements. Like telling my mom.
Have you ever play and dance in the rain? I want to, really.
Publisher- The Writer's Coffee Shop Publishing House
Plastic Sheet:
I feel so fortunate to have been along for the ride! Getting to play with this group of women was a lucky thing indeed. The fact that several of the True Colorists went on to write other books, and that my work was included in those books, feels like a double prize. Most of all, I am very grateful for the friendships gleaned from our collaborative connections.
Howdy, peeps! I know, where have I BEEN!!?? Working, playing with my puppies, goofing off on Facebook (Farmville is addictive) and in general busting my hump all summer in order to get some yard projects finished. They are, since you are no doubt wondering, not done yet. None of them. But I have managed to get most of the soil dug up, gravel placed, pavers down, doghouse built, flowerbeds made from the dirt, rock wall installed to hold the flowerbed... Give me a B- for the quantity if not the quality. :)
I use a systematic combination of speech treatment approaches in my own “oral placement” work. I generally begin with a “bottom-up” method where we work on vowel sounds, then consonant-vowel words, then vowel-consonant words, etc. I also capitalize on the speech sounds a child can already make. If the child can say “ah,” “ee,” “m,” or “h,” then we can work on words or word approximations containing these sounds. I use a hands-on approach where I gently move the child’s jaw, lips, and tongue to specific locations for sounds and words (if the child allows touch). Imitation is usually very difficult for children with autism, so I begin saying/facilitating speech sounds and words in unison with the child. We then work systematically from unison, to imitation, to using words in phrases and sentences. This often requires weekly speech therapy sessions with daily practice at home and several years of treatment.
2nd place goes to... Teething Gel. I have a one year old and a 4mth old. Both got their first teeth in at 3-4 months. CRAZY yes I know. If I were to calculate how much I've spent on teething gel in the last two years... well... I'd have enough money to buy a small car. Brand new that is.
TARGET
Every bar has nine TVs going at all times. Every commuter is wrapped in an iPhone-induced cocoon of digital music, chat, or games. Every couch potato is checking his Facebook page while watching American Idol. Every retail store has music playing and screens fluttering. Every sporting event is a non-stop parade of videos, promotions, and giveaways. Every movie is a hysterical spectacle of explosions, fire-breathing monsters, gunplay, and sex.
The tranquil night
The Cybermen used the Cryon technology to create vast tombs in which to cryogenically store troops. Humanoid captives working on the sun-drenched surface of Telos were instructed by the Cybermen to plant bombs which would destroy the last vestiges of Cryon civilisation, just as they were beginning to fight back.
"Big Jim is an arse!", he shrieked. "Chick Young is a baldy wee twat! He talks pish!"
That leads to humble acceptance
Joshua 10
The European banking elite have always been determined to control our currency, and that is exactly what is happening today.
“I should go and take a shower then…” I made one final look at everything and made sure it was fine and then went to bathroom and took shower.
This marks a distinction between the initiated and the non-initiated. The world of unbelievers is either unwilling or unable to pray. They are left on their own to try to find spiritual understanding and it just will not work At best, it will be human understanding and remains that of the god of this world.
You acting tough like you fought like me before
I am known in certain shops – all second hand bookshops I should add – as the man who comes along and picks out a selection of books that added together (perhaps five or six at a time) cost less than the price of a new book. I am lucky that I live in a town that has perhaps the best second hand bookshops in England. It is a university town (two universities!). It is a town by the sea where educated people go to retire, die and have their books distributed to the wind.
Jillian at A Room of One’s Own has started The Classics Club. Many of you know that I am working my way through the 1001 books you must read before you die. As you can imagine, this list includes many classics. Jillian’s challenge is to read a list of classics over the next five years. And you get to select your own classics. Below you will find my list of 50 classics that I would like to read over the next half decade. 50 is the minimum for the challenge, but you can commit yourself to reading many more if you want. I wanted to leave room for contemporary novels. The goal is to read the classics on your list and to blog about them. You can combine this challenge with other challenges. If you would like to check out the challenge and to read all of the rules (I didn’t include them all, but don’t worry, they aren’t extensive or too restrictive) please visit her site. Hopefully I will finish this list early so I can create another list of 50. I still have a ton of books to go before completely the 1001.
Among the evening’s best moments were the spirited renditions of "Animal Life", "You As You Were", "Open Your Houses (Basilisk)", "Immaculate" and especially "Breaking The Yearlings" and "Pushing The River" (a track which rides on the drumbeat of Joy Division’s "Heart And Soul"). Both of these songs were boosted by extra percussion, adding weight to my belief that all rock bands would sound better with two drummers! Meiburg was in fine voice throughout the set, with his soaring vocals adding extra power to his compositions.
Most Artists, including writers, but mainly musicians and writers, can be some of the most arrogant and self-absorbed people on the planet. In my bar, I see it all the time. Small town, tiny, tiny, bar and the lead singer is acting like Lady Gaga about to perform at the dropping of the Big Apple. It would be amusing if it wasn’t so sad. I feel as artists/writers we must humble ourselves. Even though most of you will screech in terror at this observation I must tell you, “If you are an artist or writer or whatever you wish to call yourself you are not ‘gifted’ or ‘special’ or even ‘talented’.” But what if you are published?
Ian Anderson - Flute, Acoustic Guitar, vocals
We had a wonderful time visiting friends in IL and we didn't take enough pictures. We also didn't get to see everyone we wanted so I do apologize to those we missed. We really tried to pack in as much visiting as we could.
On Thursday, Kay led a dozen students and faculty on an hour-long hike to look over Cootes Drive — Ontario’s first divided highway built in 1937 — to Lot M on the campus’s west end and to the Binkley Cemetery above the parking lot.
T is for favorite treat: Well, I’m trying to limit my treats these days with hope that it’ll help my EM, so a treat for me is some form of carbohydrate. Before my health food kick? Definitely red velvet cupcakes with cream cheese frosting.
(4) It furnishes moisture for yeast plants.
This week, I am so excited to officially get going!!! I have a few client consults to attend and an exciting project through e-design to work on. Kirsten and I are also planning on putting all of the finishing touches on the model home. I CANNOT wait to share it with you! Let the fun begin:) If you are interested in any services, please contact me for info and pricing!
This is such a great way to start off 2012. I'm offering a class to create this double page layout and 3 more!! You will be making, New Years, Valentines, Spring and Birthday. What do you say, are you ready for this class?? This class is scheduled for Friday February 10th at 6 pm.
The Calico Rebellion
Today was western day at my son's pre-school. My husband was home as well. Normally, I take advantage of that, and let Daddy take the little guy to school. (Daddy is gone a lot, so it's nice to let him have the time with the little guy, and it gives me a small break.) ....But, this morning, wearing his cowboy gear, he looked soooo cute, so I decided to ride along, and just soak in the moments. Our son is five, and it's going so fast!
Heroic bosses are another story. Especially at times of beginning progression, the Resto Shaman Mastery is priceless – the less health your target has when you heal them, the more your heal will hit for. Obviously in a raid setting this is still not 100%, because other healers will be raising the health of as many people as they can, but even with less Haste, your heals will hit and they will hit big.
I have a dirty little secret...our Dining Room Photo Gallery still contains Christmas pictures! *gasp* Oh, the humanity! Granted, I love the quotes and pictures filling each frame...but it's APRIL. I have taken so ridiculously long trying to decide what to replace the Christmas decor with that I missed Valentine's Day pics, St. Patrick's Day pics, and Easter pics!
Rabbi Shlomo Riskin, citing a tradition that echoes Isaiah's warning, comments:
When I don’t get to do one of my “rituals,” I feel deprived and out-of-whack. And when I don’t get to spend time with God daily, I find that I also experience so much more stress, conflict and discontentment than I do on the days when my ritual has been kept.
We need a concrete, definite vocabulary, not vague language like person and humanity, but terms like“Englishman or Englishwoman, Welshman or Welshwoman, Scotsman or Scotswoman or Irishman or Irishwoman”, “boy” and “girl”; land rather than country. They are more specific, convey a solid idea of substance; and get away from the woolly vocabulary that is a cause of our collective loss of touch with reality. This would clarify what we are referring to and make our common intercourse more realistic.
I will always love you
Our Hotel was Metropark Mongkok Hotel. We booked this via Agoda.com and our total was Php 13,832.11 for 4 1/2 days. The cost of the hotel was already worth it considering it is walking distance from the Prince Edward MTR station.
Re: “A time is coming and has now come when the dead will hear the voice of the Son of God and those who hear will live. … A time is coming when all who are in their graves will hear his voice and come out – those who have done good will rise to live, and those who have done evil will rise to be condemned.” It’s unclear whether this refers to judgment at the end of the world, or whether it ties back in with Jesus opening heaven, (i.e. the three days while he was dead when he opens the gates of heaven for the first time, and goes down to hell/wherever to pick up the good souls down there who get to enter heaven now that it’s open.) The phrase that “the time has ‘now’ come” seems to imply the latter, but it could be either (or both).
472 Myrtle Avenue, 2nd Floor
All that said, the final moments of battle were well done. Roger MacBride Allen moves deftly from scene to scene, keeping readers abreast of all the action. The tension was there. I spent the last part of the book glued to the pages. This was far more exciting than Assault at Selonia but not as interesting as Ambush at Corellia.
“As you look through the Scripture, you realize that homosexuality, according to the Word of God, is a sin,” he notes. “It’s a lifestyle that is not endorsed by God.”
It is about over 2 feet by 1 foot. It's huge!! Amazingly we didn't tear into when came home. It's still sitting here in the plastic wrap. The pie will probably wait til tomorrow's breakfast too. (Note to self. Put the pies away so Bright Eyes doesn't help herself.)
With their tiny hands and fingernails, they expertly peel fruit or reach up to grasp your arm. Their inquisitive nature means they are always studying something new – a pair of sunglasses, a camera, a velcro pocket strip.
Reviewer: Rasaq Malik Gbolahan
“The Group submitted a comprehensive business plan in May 2010 for review by NAMA. The initial evaluation process resulted in a signed Memorandum of Understanding (“MOU”) in December 2010, the terms of which are non-binding. The terms include the consolidation and renewal of loan facilities and the provision of working capital. NAMA will monitor the Group’s subsequent performance to ensure that it adheres to targets contained in the MOU and, subject to further negotiations, binding facility agreements are expected to be entered into in the near future.” – from the REO annual report for the period ending February 2011.
This giveaway is open world wide.
The downside?
1. I have a slight case of road rage! Especially with people who don’t use their turning signal, or think that a stop sign means “move thru slowly without actually coming to a stop”, or when driving on the freeway people act like they’re in a parade instead of a freeway!
Free Henry! – 11:00 p.m. - Mr. Goodbar
They’ve brought a breath of fresh air with their “I Want…” commercial.
3. Bowlegged Woman (Christiansen, Oberg) 2:35)
and show some nudity.
Putting pretty white girls on all your book covers is the book equivalent of what all our fashion magazines do. An idealization of beauty that is unrealistic and dangerous to our youth. And it isn't the right thing to do. Seeing a minority grace the cover of a YA book is like spotting the Lochness monster, you wonder if you've truly seen it and if you'll ever see it again. How sad is that? To say that only pretty white girls can sell YA books is not a business model that publishers should approve of. And it's not true. We need look no further than the gender neutral and iconic covers for the Hunger Games and Twilight series to see the truth.
Is how you refuse to use a condom
Florian was alive during the times of the Roman Emperor, Darth Diocletian, who was enemy Numerus Unus as far as the early Christian sects were concerned. Florian served in the Roman imperial army stationed in Noricum (modern day Austria and Hungary, see map above), where he commanded the legion. He was also in charge of training the men as firefighters within the division.
Wei swore bitterly – a rarity for PLA generals. Protocol demanded that the general stand head and shoulders above his troops in all ways, including his use of language and demonstration of emotion. The reporting soldier pretended not to have heard.
To start with, a canton system, as in Switzerland, can be created between Afrikaners and the coloured tribes, which can develop into independent states for white and brown later… but definitely without any black interference.
~Chinese proverb
October's Deal of the Month - Early Christmas- 145 Pieces
Note that you can change your browser settings to disable cookies if you have privacy concerns. Disabling cookies for all sites is not recommended as it may interfere with your use of some sites. The best option is to disable or enable cookies on a per-site basis. Consult your browser documentation for instructions on how to block cookies and other tracking mechanisms.
the 3rd reading in the house of lords takes place next monday. this might be the last chance of any meaningful debate on the health and social care bill. the link below is an easy and polite way to encourage the lib dem peers and mps to do the right thing. it's also just amusing laughing at their titles, lord charlile of berriew or baroness garden of frognal..... click here for more. or you could sign the 38 degrees petition. or you could sign the "drop the health bill" e-petition. or you could write to your own mp, find them here. or you could do all four.
Paul does not like patina.
And if they both wanted to or needed to go at the same time, and it was during the day when it was just me, what would I do? Have one in our ensuite and one in the main toilet?
Those attempts to defend against the allegations were only partially successful, since there is little doubt that Nunez-Tesheira’s reputation has been damaged by the entire episode.
Fuck that shit, I'm not shelling out that much money for the game, USED! If it was New, I'd probably bend over and take it, but not USED! Looking around, i eventually find a few places that sell it for reasonable prices... except most are freaking sold out. Then i finally find the first two games for 19.99 on gamestop and sigh in relief, and bookmark the page. I decided to put off buying them until the next day cause... well i was feeling lazy. The next day? Website said they were unavailable.
Pretty much as soon as we got out of the car, I saw people in costume! I got so excited, I started skipping. It felt like time has gone back to my first encounter with japanese animes and other animations! It was like a dream come true! I wish I’d have known about it beforehand, maybe I would have been in costume too. Oh well, there’s always next year.
Now to the people, who downloaded movies, games, etc. Unless the filesharing services give their logfiles to the FBI, pretty much nothing can happen to you.
Although we place a high value on the knowledge and expertise of business gurus and authors, there is also much to be learned from executives who are out in the trenches of the business world, running companies and making decisions every day. This is the focus of our Executive Insight video series.
Residents in population centers near Mount Asama about 150 kilometers (95 miles) northwest of Tokyo were advised to wear masks as Asama ejected fumes, hot rocks and ash about 1:51 am local time, spewing lava shortly afterward.
I don’t understand. I mean, I do but I don’t want to. Sterling had this to say when I told him about all these goings on:
Ah! Now, if you haven't read the comments you have to, both for 24/3 and last week, as it seems Brendon's bassist Dave Levy, as WeddingSuit, has joined the conversation with his insight into recording, including that script PDF up there. This week he's brought out the big stuff, a double-necked instrument. Brendon's brought his own acoustic with him, slinging it behind his back to begin like a wayfaring stranger, while one of the guitarists is sporting a Rubettes cap. Well, they didn't need them any more. Must be said, while this never got beyond number 14 the crowd are as into it as the producer evidently was, clapping the off-beat throughout and not minding when the cameraman takes several of them down at once judging by the size of the wobble.
On Saturday, May 5th, our team, Landen's Walk n' Rollers, is participating in a walk to benefit the Spina Bifida Association and All proceeds are used for programs and services for people living with Spina Bifida.
I felt her presence, by its spell of might,
I don’t see and I don’t understand BUT I will trust My Heavenly Father.
Schumer: guns near schools don’t affect
Certainly couldn't deny it by her figure but those big eyes, the attitude that anything wearing pants is worth fawning over and her breathless declarations of adoration in that cooing Hungarian quaver as she marvels at how strong men are, how smart they are, how dominant they are, how nice they kiss...no wonder everyone was so shocked when Laura Petrie wore Capri slacks.
Just a way defuse the situation slightly and to let him so regret the arrogance that fell within the flashy throwaway line that he just said.
Fifteen-year-old Charlie feels like a “thrown-away” child even though her unusual mother gives her a life-line as she packs a bag for Charlie and then tells her to run--never tell the secret, never come back, never call. Charlie holds fast to that lifeline and makes a PLAN.
I cut the watering can aperture using the Sizzix watering can steel rule die. I kept the punch-out from the middle of the handle and glued it in place after finishing the iris folding. The folding was done using my basic triangle template. I used gift wrap for the iris folding papers. The large flowers are from ProvoCraft and the little flower on the watering can is from Making Memories. For the water drops, I punched a couple daisies from blue paper and cut the petals apart.
Here’s the route I took:
So that's the plan. I'm also trying to be really good about strength and cross-training during the week and so far, so good. This week's training is very similar to last week's except I'm running 5 miles as my week day runs instead of 4. Here's what it looks like.
flame eternal like a dance of the mystical
It was the closest I came to resigning.
Thanks again to everyone for entering!!!
Over at Patricia K. Lichen, Author her Weekend Haiku & Limericks focuses us more narrowly than usual, asking us to get our inspiration from two sources. Visit for the possibilities and because it’s fun to wander through the site.
“Only when the last tree has died and the last river been poisoned and the last fish been caught will we realize we cannot eat money.”
The primary responsibility for an MMO is to detect and monitor marine mammals within 1,640 feet of the center of the air gun array. They are also responsible for ensuring that the seismic testing vessel adheres to environmental protection guidelines in regards to marine mammals, and educating and advising the crew on these guidelines.
Who else might also be mistaken?
A mirror of agony
1/2 lb andouille sausage, sliced
Crazy love for you
Public health logic may hold that reducing fertility rates leads to slower population growth and lowers maternal mortality rates. But forced sterilization violates the principle that men and women have a right to make independent choices regarding the number and spacing of their children without discrimination, coercion and violence.
I’m still not giving up on the rainbow gem. I sent Mario out and he collected each gem that I thought looked different from the normal ones. But no, this was just a rare seed. Neither me nor my sims can garden, but I’ll hold onto it.
8. My higher self rules over my ego.
We have a large and growing mobile apps division that is building mobile software for medium and large corporations looking to empower their workforce with the latest technology in iPad, Android, and other mobile platforms to help them interact with customers and systems in new and innovative ways while on the move.
Tonight we're having a great meal - stuff I've been waiting all week to cook, and dessert, and then...
A lot of designs are currently available in the market. For formal occasions, people prefer to use white napkins, because they look elegant and it works well with the occasion. With children, they use those with prints, because it’s more colorful and attractive. If you want, you can also have these things customized; this is common in weddings and debuts. You can pretty much acquire what you prefer, because a lot of options are available in the market.
What an amazing success with dinner tonight!!!! I wasn't sure how the girls were going to like pork tenderloin because it is hit or miss (usually a miss) with meat, but I wanted to make it. I looked easy to make and something quick I could put together without much prep. When the tenderloin was in the oven I let the girls try a little bit of the rub that was on the tenderloin and they liked it. I made some peas (which I know they love) and gave them a little bit of the pork. They could stop eating it! I had to make them eat their peas just to slow them down. We could have easily eaten the full pound of tenderloin just the four girls and myself. So if you are looking for something that has a lot of flavor and picky eaters might like, I recommend this recipe!!
Less then 60 days now until we have Colleen officially in our family!
SelectBooks, Inc. 2011
“I only follow one party: the Vietnamese Party.”
Of course there are many advantages to drawing digitally; it is so much easier to erase; no clean up needs to be done in order to use as line art in digital projects and the list goes on.
In fact it is very peaceful.
As for drinking, I used to drink when I went out, but I never really got drunk, other than a few times. But now I don’t drink anymore, simply because of the fact that it’s not good for your health, and your reputation. So yeah, I just don’t do that. In total, when it comes to this, I’m a pretty good guy. I never owned a gun, and never get violent against someone if they don’t deserve it. And I would never ever hit a female. So when it comes to that, I’m an upstanding human being.
The hassle map of healthcare foodservice -rifle with duplication, inconvenience, poor access to appropriate information is ripe for a change. Should we not look at companies like Apple and Google to see how they are simplifying?
“Who cares whether prosecutors can rely on crime lab reports unless they make analysts who prepared the reports available to testify?” Stern asked, referring to this term’s “hottest” case, Briscoe v. Virginia. “I’d like to hear what Chief Justice (John) Roberts has to say about how that drinking contest between Cooter and Junior ended up in a fistfight. Clarence Thomas would definitely have thoughts regarding why Elwood got home so late and forgot Lydia’s birthday (again!) that are worth sharing.”
” We care about Peace because we value Life.”
Elijah: Mommy, I don’t have imagination! Imagination is for girls and I’m a boy!
, and that he wasn’t much for betting,
If you’ve spent the day dodging showers and are currently sat at home with a cup of tea staring out of a rain soaked window then look away from this blog now…Because that’s what today is ALL about! In contrast to our weeks of no rain and dry grounds, we’ve consistently had rain pretty much for the past week now. But we’re still in a drought, of course. With today being quite hectic and involving a bit of flitting about all over the place, I took the opportunity to take my photos whilst sat in the car. That’s right! Lazy!
Standing: Good
The fact was, an assistant coach was seen in the shower with a young boy. The situation demanded more than a mere mention of it to his superior. Yes, legally, that is all that Paterno had to do. But it should not be overlooked that Paterno was, without a doubt, the most powerful person on the Penn State campus.
“It is important that the removal of one of those does not make liquidation actually more likely.” That is an odd sentence, I feel. Of course having two bidders is better than one as there is more prospect in a normal case of the bidders competing to raise the price – that does not seem to have been the case here.
Cybermuumy was the most extraordinary day. Don't get me wrong. I LOVED it. But there was that non-stop feeling of having to be Engaged in Lively Talk and looking like you're having a Great Time. And that was hard work.
Speaking of that though, if you notice a little bit of bubbliness to this swatch, it isn’t the polish’s fault this time, I just overdid it on the Mavala Barrier Base + Sally Hansen Nail Quencher layers beneath it since my nails had gotten dry.
After a lovely weekend with friends in Edinburgh, which involved lots of catching up and a trip to see An Education (go and see it!) i'm now making my way to the north of Scotland for a few days. Though being sans internet until next weekend gives me slighty clammy palms i'm relishing getting away from the city and having time to get through the stack of books that always get pushed aside by procrastination when I'm at home.
The Twinery twine- Honeydew
If I could just calm down, I don’t think I’d have any trouble dropping the wine habit. But I don’t know how to calm down. I recently quit drinking, altogether, for 3 weeks. During that time period, I worked maniacally on projects into the wee hours instead of going to bed. As soon as I started having wine in the evenings, again, I calmed down. It seems to make me feel better, but I suppose it’s a completely false sense of betterment.
Now that we have finally meet, I would dearly love to keep this friendship alive with visits.
5. Blog
a bucket list is a list of things to do before you die, before you ‘kick the bucket’. maybe it is because i am young and see the world laid about before me, but i just don’t feel the need to do these things other people do. i look at other posted bucket lists, and do not get them.
Mom explained to the vet that she had wanted to make sure that she could test me at home before switching over. They were nice and tested Mom’s meter against theirs. The first time, it was only 3 points off. The second time, it was almost 30, so… Mom’s not 100% confident that it will work. They did give her another way to test. Apparently Purina makes Glucostrips that you can put in the litter box and which react to sugars in the urine. The color they turn tells you how much sugar is present. The vet suggested using these, rather than coming in so often for bloodwork, and monitor my sugar that way. If there’s two days in a row with a “negative” – meaning no sugar present – call them and we will adjust my insulin. It’s possible, with this, that we can eliminate my need for insulin entirely, or at least, get me down to a very low level (if my poor kidneys can’t heal themselves 100%).
Makes me wonder if there are any twins that are so different out there. I mean, totally different. I guess there are.
If you believe in God and that he cares about us and guides us in our everyday lives, do you *really* think that God cares more about this one person in football than the faithful who have cancer or are homeless?
As ReEntry--the new play at Round House Theatre in DC--demonstrates, post-deployment can be really, really, really bad. For everyone. Created by KJ Sanchez and Emily Ackerman, ReEntry is piece of documentary theater, the result of several years of interviews with a small selection of soldiers and their families. All the words spoken in the play come directly from these interviews and, as result, the text provides real insight into the post-deployment experience, which is one defined by trauma, anger, detachment, and all those other spiky emotions that so discomfit us.
Then, the day before we came home reality reared its ugly head. I received two calls on my cell, on from my doctor and one from Goldie's speech therapy provider. I returned the call to my doctor, but decided to wait until we got home to deal with the other one. There's something that just isn't right about being put on hold while you're at the beach. The receptionist was so not impressed when I told her where we were.
If you are ready, we have another fun sketch to share with you this week, created by our Mischief Maker, Kelly Schirmer.
Wha' sa (What's that)
To have my love to bed, and to arise;
Despite my uncertainty of what the filmmakers are trying to say, I am impressed with the creativity (and touch of craziness) in the idea of this film, as well in its execution. The oddness of the film isn't restricted to its subject matter, but also to its costume and production design which is a mixture of modern-day and 1950sh sort of look that gives it a timeless, dreamlike quality. It's also impressive that, despite the sad tone that runs through the piece, the filmmakers bring on a high number of laughs as it unfolds, with the cameo appearance by Hugh "Dr. House" Laurie being funny just because of who he is. The concluding special effects shot is also jaw-droppingly gorgeous.
The kitty was colored with Prismacolor pencils, and blended with baby oil. I am unsure who made the image. THe little blue bird and paper were sent to me by my friend Lillian. The punched colored CS was done for me by my friend Karen. I ran a calligraphy pen around the image using a ruler, to make it appear to have another layer of CS under it.
17. The brain itself cannot feel pain. While the brain might be the pain center when you cut your finger or burn yourself, the brain itself does not have pain receptors and cannot feel pain.
Backing and batting: cut to match your finished top I think mine was 8.25 x 8.5 but you should measure yours first
In addition to making each of us pajama pants, I also made each of the men personalized t-shirts. Since they're all "talls", I ordered inexpensive tall-sized t-shirts from Old Navy a few weeks ago. Then I ordered heat transfer ("iron-on) vinyl from Expressions Vinyl. I gathered up a silly saying for each of them, got out my Silhouette SD and went to work.
The text is from this blog post about Rin's adoption story. I copied and pasted it into a Word document, adjusted the margins so it would print out to be less than 4x6 and then edited it a bit to sound less like a blog post and more like journaling.
3. You won't end up on the waiting list because Blogalicious 2010 WILL.sell.out. We've doubled attendance this year but passes are going fast.
I'm also going to try to use more fresh fruits and vegetables. To soak my beans instead of opening a can. To plan ahead so I'm not stuck pulling out the frozen pizza at the last minute.To cut down on the amount of chemicals in my kitchen (I suppose I should start in the most obvious place, by kicking - once again - my diet soda habit. Shhh... don't tell Emily)
Be sure to look for news about my new SCBWI Blog on scbwi.org, Facebook and Twitter on Monday--it will kick off in early May. And see you all at BEA and the SCBWI Annual Summer Conference!
Kintyre lighthouse was my aim,
Day 1 - All about style (yours and Jenny's!). Discovering and developing your own style of photography and hearing about how Jenny molded hers. The Class will ajourn outside for a portion of the day to watch how jenny shoots, engages with her subjects and poses them, and work with light to create her shots. Time will also be spent on this day working on editing and processing photos to give your photos that finished look, as well as plenty of opportunity for Q&A throughout.
this goes on for almost five minutes
The Fugazi anti-rape track “Suggestion” is written from the perspective of a female, speaking out against sexual harassment and assault. At Fugazi show in 1991 at Washington, DC community hall, they asked Fire Party’s Amy Pickering to perform the visceral track to make the socially conscious track intensely more personal.
He's a character . . . what can I say?
suddenly “make sense”.
Together for so long
Mirrored 7.4g compact. This foundation is good for those who like to use their product wet or dry. It comes with a puff to use dry for a medium coverage or use wet for a much fuller cover.
Port Brewing Company / Pizza Port 3rd Anniversary Double IPA
For our third painterly launch we seamlessly move into the Autumn season of mists and mellow fruitfulness. Join us on a fragrant walk through majestic country estates, where misty mornings mingle with soft sun on antique stone and Byzantine colours merge with swirling atmospheric incense . Stately aromatic scents were our muse for this autumnal set, spiced with classical timeless French named perfumes inspired by Patrick Suskind's novel 'Perfume'. More inspiration was derived from country house gardens and their famous creators pulling together this seasons aromatic and historical assault on the senses!
You mentioned you'd already started cooking your next book. Can you tell us something about that?
“But by the grace of God I am what I am: and his grace which was bestowed upon me was not in vain, but I laboured more abundantly than they all: yet not I, but the grace of God which was with me.”
You'll actually have to follow another link, but it's worth it. I promise it's safe for work. Grab a tissue. The song alone makes me cry. It's particularly appropriate because Bunny had to come out a week early, rather than in his own time. Kelly did such an amazing job. Every image is perfect.
The other morning, I received an email from one of my readers. It began, “I just read your novel Into The Wilderness and I absolutely loved it as I really connected with it.” This reader explained how she grew up in New York City and was now married to a man from New Zealand, where they’d just spent the last year. They were back in the states with their four children, but she was in a quandary: the New Zealand lifestyle was better, she thought, but her children had better educational opportunities here. She signed off asking me what she should do: “Would love your advice if you have a chance to give it!”
This album clocks in at over 66 minutes of music. Some songs are short and can lead the listener to wonder why they even included them at all, but in the end they have their place. They are not intro’s. Nor are they interlude’s. Imagine what New York City may be like at Christmas and you can imagine hearing a brass band or bells chiming a tune in the distance. Ambience.
and then burn the leftover trash.
better; only 12 of the 50 40mm
Our country national debt is £4.6 trillion. We can only pay off this debt if we generate new industries in our country. The cuddly toy moon landing project will produce the new industies that our country needs. With new supersonic engines and super conductor computers, we will be selling “Made in UK” products all over the world.
You can get the low down on the Turd World Hellhole our once proud and stunning country has morphed into by visiting the new site HERE.
space over the coming weeks.....
* Hellbound Glory. This is a good, rowdy country rock (they call it "scumbag country") group from Reno, Nev. featuring a lap steel and a stand-up bass -- but no drummer on Saturday (except singer/guitarist Leroy Virgil, who sat on an played a bass drum on some tunes) Opening with Billy Joe Shaver's "Georgia on a Fast Train" they show a fine grasp of the spirit of '70s outlaw country. Though playing mostly originals, Hellbound later in the show did a fine version of David Allen Coe's "You Never Even Called Me By My Name" (with an updated verse to make it the "perfect country western" song.)
You can also make this with chicken, potatoes,broccoli and cheese.
Last weekend I spontaneously met at friend in Harvard Square on a Sunday afternoon to wander 'round May Fair. I'd just returned home from a baby shower held earlier in the day, and in a rush to change and meet her, I grabbed a shirt I last remembered wearing on another date, one from this past fall, when I thought all of my romantically inclined stars had finally aligned. I was caught off guard for a moment, for I had made a conscious effort to tuck away all of those recent fall memories deep in the recesses of my brain where I needn't bother with them again. Still though, for a few quick seconds, that was what that shirt brought to mind. Until I put it on and decided, no more of that weighted memory for this lovely plaid shirt. Instead, it is now the shirt I wear on a sunny May day, when I'm off to meet a dear friend for ice cream...and maybe later, if we're feeling crazy, a glass of champagne. Which is exactly what we did.
The same is true with Islam and Judaism the other two middle eastern religions that took over Rome and Greece. Though Islam believes on most similar lines with Christianity, Judaism believes that just by taking birth as Jew Heaven is guaranteed so no fear of any consequence of any action at any given point of time in life.
The temptation to be as lazy as american tv producers and just do a clip show is there…. but in reality if anyone was that interested they could just go check the previous 299 posts themselves….
I got a couple of tarts at a little shop in Bologna that had a pastry cup, filled with a lemon custard and then fresh fruit on top. I had a strawberry tart and a blackberry tart, and I wish I could eat one of those every day, because I totally would, and they were only 1 Euro! Bargain!
01. The Dangerous Kitchen #
When your daughter is constantly wearing her brothers' aprons (which they rarely wear), it is time to make one for her. It was probably time a long time ago, but better later than never. I made her this quick two sided apron as a Valentine's Day gift. I just traced one that I had bought for her brother Gage and used that as the pattern.
...at our place? Lots as always, but here are just a couple of highlights.
I want to remind you that I’m not here to criticize Obama! I encourage you to ask me or do research yourself on why Obama isn’t necessarily the best choice for America in these trying times! Again, if you voted Democrat in the 2008 election, in Michigan you don’t have to re-register Republican! It’s time to look past political party lines and nominate the most principled, Constitutionally consistent, and honorable statesmen in the race! America needs principles, not politics!
Other Science Ideas:
MB: I've spanked the hecklers in front with a giant rubber weiner.. thrown water or beer on the mouthy ones
I would have my son-in-law, Chris Ravanello, cook a wonderful venison dinner with wonder vegetable dishes. He’s just won the NYC Almost Famous Chef competition and he loves to cook.
The idea of all students learning the same thing and being held to the same standards may be appealing to some; at this time for me it requires a greater deal of research, review, and a proven success record. At first glance on paper standards provide a reliable, basic understanding of what students are expected to learn, so teachers and parents know what they need to do to help them. However, school should not be viewed as factories that produce a product/thing; the purpose of schools is to create life-long learners who live and contribute positively to communities. I think the latter concept will require a lot more creatively and involvement from all of the interested parties, it may require more “hands on” work rather than issuing standards and testing students periodically if they are meeting the expectations.
Black pudding punched the air with delight!
Facilitators need to have a working familiarity with the chapters or subjects that will be discussed. These facilitators are also responsible for the transcriptions of the seminar that they facilitate. The chapters for
to form the scalloped pale pink border on which I placed the lace and then stuck
Maybe it was the time for such questions, given that attendees had spent $35 ($30 + service charge) for tickets to the 80-minute event at the CUNY Graduate Center in Manhattan, and that Gehry has not yet responded to invitations to meet with concerned citizens who live in or around the proposed project footprint. After the event, Krashes--who in his respectful public question noted that he had no position on the arena--got on the long line behind those seeking Gehry autographs and waited his turn. When he approached Gehry, Krashes mentioned that his group had previously sent a letter inviting the architect to a meeting.
So, shins.
I have decided that I wish to continue to Shaman heal through MoP (unless something drastically changes or I am affected by some outside means into another direction). The thing is, as much as I love Effy, Draenei cannot compete with the Pandaren for raid-helpful racials. So, my decision is to be a Pandaren Shaman in MoP. However, I refuse to race change Effy – have have too many stories and too much emotion invested in her as a Draenei.
instead I remember the days we had.
We are set on food, we just ask that you spend time with your families and live life to the fullest as Ruth always did. If you think of a friend that you have not spoken to in a long time, give them a call and tell them how much they mean to you.
Conference Goal. The goal is simple, promote and grow our aerospace industry by bringing together North Carolina users, purchasers, manufacturers, and suppliers through education, networking and growth opportunities as well as sharing “best practices” in order to provide job growth, financial stability, and a stronger industry in our state.
I realise that everyone is busy at this time of year, so you will have the option to make something for our January challenge, or start after the New Year and your first creations will be for the February challenge.
Is it melodramatic or is it evoking deep emotions? Within context here, emotional sentiments or even a few tears at the end of the film might well be a healthy response, nothing to shy away from. Should the scenario arise some day in the future when we need to prove that we are human, and that we have a soul, what better ways to demonstrate but by our capacity to emote love, empathy, compassion, pathos, and the fear of facing such a scenario. May this all remain as science fiction for our enlightenment only.
Ephesians 4:25 (NKJV) Therefore, putting away lying, “Let each one of you speak truth with his neighbor, for we are members of one another.”
Hoping to find my feet soon - cheers, Joan.
OK, OK...hit by pitch. But at least I was showing up to the plate.
So that's it, all finished. It's my hope to get the pages bound together and a photo of it up tomorrow in time for the end of the month. I want to thank everyone for keeping up with all my posts and Traci for the inspiration. If you've missed any of my previous posts you can find them here. Now, head on over to Traci's site to see what she's doing for her last day.
Alternatively, coaching can be used to develop internal employees to realize their individual and collective potential – readying them for promotion. In addition, coaching can be used to aid those same employees to re-calibrate their thinking and behavior to adjust to the new position. Although the transition may be difficult, an effective coach will be able to work with those employees in their new roles to help them gain perspective and understanding on what they need to do differently in their new assignment in order to be successful. Companies need to strategically invest in their existing employees and high potentials through one-on-one coaching plus other ways; offering stretch experiences to employees in order to cultivate their individual skill sets as well as to develop their relationships with peers, subordinates and bosses. Managers must help their direct reports to find ways to realize individual and collective potential. We at Liberty Business Strategies, in addition to executive coaching, have developed a unique offering involving peer-to-peer coaching to help leverage existing relationships, experiences and observations of the relevant peer group.
After the game Grandiose and Frisuer had agreed that they all needed a nap before heading off for dinner later that evening. After a couple of hours Grandiose texted me to let me know that he was up and ready to go without any further delay. So the whole group of us headed off to a local Mexican restaurant, Hacienda, for dinner. We ate, talked, and did a lot of catching up over a great meal. Afterwards we headed out to do some shopping for some Notre Dame apparel that they are unable to find in the area in which they live. Once we had shopped till the stores closed, we headed back and parted ways so we could all get some sleep after a very active and busy day.
Thursday night opening 6pm-10pm, then daily 9am – 6pm
I wish that I had planned better.
I believe the same applies to almost every country now living under democratic constitutions, free speech and the rule of law.
for my Challenge for this week.
Some may object to this characterisation of the PIRA’s violence on the grounds of the sectarian killings that it engaged in from the early 1970s onwards. However, this sectarian killing campaign was instigated largely by the loyalist paramilitaries, was viewed with repugnance by many PIRA members, and was the source of bitter divisions in the PIRA leadership over what was considered a distortion of the organization’s long-term goals. This tit-for-tat killing spree ran at its fiercest from 1972 to 1976, when, threatening to escalate to new heights, it was scaled back by mutual consent on both sides. In the late 80s, when the loyalist paramilitaries ratcheted their killings up again, the PIRA refrained from retaliating on the same scale. The reasons for this are complex, but included an awareness that sectarian killings would damage the electoral appeal of Sinn Fein, the political wing of the PIRA, and that it was politically useful to be seen as the victim of sectarian terrorist violence rather than the perpetrator.
Rest in Peace big brother, you'll be missed.
-I knew I hated the idea of him being Pinocchio, but did they have to make me hate August, too?
GM CEO Akerson has driven his own Chevy Volt more than 3,000 miles, with the Volt consuming only one gallon of gas.
This is all a bit of a test and perhaps something to be used as a back-up. Or as a means for posting news if we can work out how to integrate it into the main site!
A woman recently said to me, ‘In friendship, I look for what I can get out of it. If I’m not getting anything from it, I put a stop to it.’ This novel perspective, for lack of a better expression, took me aback. Perhaps she had been getting things from those subsequently discarded relationships, value which she couldn’t recognise. Perhaps she needs to talk and the other person is a good listener. Although she is actually looking for gossip or criticism about others in return, isn’t being a good listener a better alternative? I’ve never thought about what I ‘get’ from my friendships other than love through acceptance and companionship. Have you? What should else should we be ‘getting’ if that person enjoys our company? Isn’t that enough? Isn’t that what friendship is about?
Maralena Howard http://www.artchain.com/ArtChain, is a searchable art directory. They provide free listings for art groups, schools, museums, galleries and guilds, as well as individual artists. Visitors can locate art resources in their communities or on their travels. I check it often to see who’s been added. Check it out – and be sure to register yourself and/or your affiliations. Great networking tool.
Heat up a wok with 1/2 cup of cooking oil.
Imagine that they are wearing the same t-shirt and shorts they wore for the last two days in a row, and they forgot deodorant those days too.
i’ll hold you close
I tried talking Rogan into doing this, but he said he couldn’t be sure he’d be able to hold it right and not damage it. I asked him why he thought I had any more chance of getting it right than he did, to which he replied, “Because you’re Dad.”
During the next 7 days I encourage you to follow links, watch video, read blogs and other messages to follow. In this season of Thanksgiving, with so much we have to be thankful for, open your heart and mind to the ways God is using Hope2Africa to shower hope on our brothers and sisters living and ministering in South African Squatter camps.
Naturopathic medicine modalities include a variety of healing treatments, such as diet and clinical nutrition, homeopathy, botanical medicine, soft tissue and spinal manipulation, ultrasound, and therapeutic exercise. A naturopath provides complete diagnostic and treatment services in such specialties as obstetrics and pediatrics. Some are also licensed midwives.
I TRIED TO MAKE CLOUDS
This is the type of book you read to escape in. The world-building was awesome and blew me away. I think the way the author wove in elementals with whales and a dream world was just fabulous. For me, the level of creativity in this book sets the bar for any other books I will read this year. Meet it and you will go into my 5 star hall of fame. Anything that doesn't live up to the level of this book just won't have the same impact or affect me as much as this book did. I could talk about it and give you details, but really more than anything, I just want you to experience it for yourself. I couldn't put it down. I haven't been connecting to most of the books I have been reading lately, and I was beginning to wonder if it was me. It's not. Because this book proved that it wasn't. There's just a lot of mediocre literature out there right now. You won't find it here.
Mall or Mail order
I don't generally scrapbook, but decided it would be nice to try it out and do something nice with my holiday photos, and I just couldn't resist starting it off with this beautiful little lady. She is about 5 months old and lives with her brother (and owner!) in one of the apartments where we stayed - both kittens were born blind but it didn't seem to be a problem whatsoever for them, and they had such beautiful and gentle natures. It was amazing watching them play together - you would swear they could see!
This is a rosemalling piece called Millie that I started on day 2---not very typical colors for rose malling but I like how it is developing.
I'm excited to be first in line of the many great challenges and games we have lined up for you this weekend.
I’ve spent some time this morning looking through sketches I made back in the mid-80's. I had noticed it before, that these mysterious sketches manifested, after I drew them.
That's right, the best mom in the world!!!
The real purpose of that part of the theory anyway is to eliminate the need to screen out the Disneyland tags. With it, the queue switchbacks, the front plaques, and anything else that points to Disneyland and not New Orleans can be taken as intended parts of the show rather than concessions to the real-world necessities involved in creating an attraction of this nature. For my part, I think that the general public is quite capable of screening out such noise when they know they are in an entertainment venue. At Disneyland (or any theme park) you have to screen out gobs and gobs of stuff in order to enjoy an immersion experience, and people do it without effort. I see no reason why the Haunted Mansion has to be noticeably freer of such static than other rides.
Merry Christmas! I hope you all enjoyed the weekend with your friends and family! We were full of blessings this year and I just wanted to share some of our celebrating with you!
Hope you had a happy Easter. Happy Peep jousting!
I remember this one time when NASCAR messed up denied their fault. It’s happened twice already this year. The second “oops” happened at Richmond this past Saturday evening. With 82 laps remaining, Tony Stewart and Carl Edwards were lined up one and two. Or was it two and one? Carl was under the impression he was the leader since a racing official told his spotter before the restart, “99's the leader.”
After this success, Aelfric comes to his gate and calls out to Caedwalla that he will meet him in trial by combat. All of the rest of the bandits troop out to form a half-circle and watch their leader in combat. Each is armed and the characters should feel that if he is victorious they are liable to be hunted immediately. Aelfric is armored in finely-worked mail, with an elaborate helmet, giving him 12 points of armor. He carries the spear which was Caedwalla's father's. This makes "Love (Family)" the appropriate combat passion for the heir.
1) More fonts!
Fact. I’ve missed blogging for my personal love of blogging. I admit it though, being by a computer screen every second is causing me to not be anywhere near one when I get a spare moment. But now that I’m here and so much happier to actually be sitting here writing on the Mathurini blog, let me tell you – there has a been a LOT happening recently!
Then add the cucumber slices (please ignore the peel on some of those cukes in the picture. This was my first batch...before I realized the error of my ways...). Now put a lid on your container and "shake it like crazy".
07 Howie B.-Take Your Partner By The Hand (Red Snapper Remix)
1st, yes, I am alive. And yes, I actually have been eating the last 6 or so months, even though I haven't been telling you about it. To be honest, I haven't tried many new things and when I have, they just haven't been that exciting. But, I think last night might have got me back in the swing of things food-wise!
As part of the ‘Louder Now! Feminism on Film’ season the Star and Shadow presents the documentary Eat the Kimono about Hanayagi Genshu, a Japanese dancer, actress, feminist and political activist who challenged the conservative culture of Japan.
The answer to this titled question is also one of the Ten Ways to Safeguard your Child from Sexual Abuse, which is a series or teaching that I take with me to campuses, churches, ministry groups and collectives around the world to engage in prevention and awareness.
Anyway, Juliet, Naked follows the story of Annie and Duncan a boring, middle aged British couple who hardly seem to care about each other at all. Duncan cares more about a reclusive, not well known American musician, while Annie cares more about…I don’t know. Hating Duncan? Hating her life? Scaring me into thinking I may end up with her life?! They start to look for change in any place they can, but both seem to find it in that weirdo musician who is looking for his own way out. Hijinks ensue. Overall, not a bad book, not a great book. These people seem almost too imperfectly real, which got to me. How long can you watch two people be so sadly indifferent to each other without getting hives? Oh, that’s just me? Cool.
do easily in my own home! Somehow, when I am on
I walked in curiously what would grab me. What am I looking for? I might need a pair of boots looking at the season's trend and fashion industry of this city. I continued browsing and then thought that it would need more time - didn't want to walk around carrying the plastic bag. Not at the moment.
when life was simple not like to-day
Amount Requested $28,800
As any half-decent magician would be able to tell you, the simplest way to create the illusion of invisibility is to divert people’s attention elsewhere. This phenomenon explains perhaps why the building at n°21 Rue Laffitte is so little known in Paris.
Before I get into this, have any of you seen GCB? It is hilarious! I just love Annie Potts anyway, and the rest of the cast is great, too. Kristen Chenoweth, especially. I've never seen David James Elliott in a role like this, and he does it so well. They play a married couple and spout Christian platitudes and quote Bible verses while having wild monkey sex all over the house. So so funny! I wasn't familiar with Leslie Bibb before this show, and don't know the others on there, but it's a good cast. Super rich Baptist Texan Republicans. What's not to like? LOL Hope you're watching it and like it, too. Lots of criticism from Christians about the hypocrisy in these comments HERE. (smirk) Sorry, but I know too many people like that around here to dismiss it. Besides, it's supposed to be funny and is.
This is not about Pink Floyd. Snow White ruined them for me a long time ago. I used to love Pink Floyd until Snow White told me they are bad luck to listen to on the radio. Upon further inquiry, I found out that she had no real good reason for this declaration which makes me believe in it even more. She is a spiritual person and I’m into karma so I just couldn’t mess with that. Which sucks because anytime Pink Floyd comes on the radio I Pavlovianly (that is a sweet new word right there) change the station. I used to love to bellow out, “We’re just two lost souls, swimming in a fish bowl, year after year.” But no more.
What am I in?
My only regret of the day was that I couldn't stay for the evening and listen to Damh the Bard play. But I had a long drive back down to Reading, without my usual chauffeur of course, and was very tired. And the pink champers of the previous night was somewhat taking its toll. So I packed everything up, assisted by my pixies, and set off into the darkening evening.
I was flabbergasted when a supervisor at the electric company suggested I call a financial service center when I told him that I could not pay my $900 plus electric bill. So, there I was sitting at my kitchen table in my still morning garb and unbrushed teeth on a Monday before Wednesday calling the center because (and from what I was told by the operator the Friday before when I first called to inquire for help) the appointments were very limited to a first call, first answered basis, and the operator suggested it best I call early-as in fifteen minutes early prior to the phone lines opening up-and by chance my call had been answered, and I was set up for an appointment which is now today. I'm nervous, in part because I was informed by the operator that just because one garnishes an appointment for financial help, didn't necessarily guarantee financial help; so I had my fingers tightly crossed. And I prayed my caseworker would be compassionate to mine and Julian's situation.
Nothing is transparent, it is all cloudy.
"Why are you sitting down? I'm your slave? Get up and help me."
he never tells me what covert action
Most people remember him from his Oscar-winning performance along with Daniel Day Lewis In The Name Of The Father.
different at this age is your eyes are wide open. You don’t think how is the person going to fulfill me but rather how is this person going to make demands, what will this person cost me? At this stage of life, you have paid your dues, you have respect, you have children and grandchildren you love. I came into a relationship without a lot of needs. I became aware how wonderful it is to have someone who cares for me, knowing I am on someone’s mind all the time, has the right wine for dinner or just wants to
So then I made the main feature of the canvas which is one of those frame thingies from Tando Creative (an Ally Pally purchase from Coleman's Craft Warehouse). I cut a piece of Papererartsy's smoothy paper to fit the frame, coloured the background with Shabby Shutters and Broken China Distress Inks and filled it up with some of Paperartsy's beautiful floral images. These were coloured with Prismacolor pencils. The frame was painted Black first and then a layer of Hey Pesto which gave me a lovely, deep shade of green....right up my street! That butterfly at the top is also a Tando thingy and this was given the Paperartsy Crackle Glaze treatment before layering other colours of Fresc paint on top.....really like how this turned out, a little bit of script always works well as a finishing touch.
Polygraph tests for anyone at Regional Organiser level or above, which includes non members These tests are expensive but very effective at rooting out infiltrators and they have to be prioritised. We cannot afford to let in any more moles into positions of authority from which they can wreck our Party’s future. The tests should be undertaken compulsorily, from the Leader downwards.
Maps & Atlases On Tour:
I had a second meeting with my mentor Maggie Gee, on 22nd March, in London. I know where I am going with the rewrite now, and value her input and thoughts immensely. Those who know me well know I was trying to finish this piece of work for my father- who was brought up in the town in which it is set - to see it published. He has been a great supporter through thick and thin. A gentle, but tough individual now aged 94. Sadly, his toughness is escaping him. He has been diagnosed with short term memory loss, which is unlikely to get better and is causing him and us, great distress. He also has what might be an unforgiving medical condition.
02) Tomorrow's Girls (Totp's)
I gave my mom and dad a hard time growing up. I was defiant, I thought I knew it all, I made all the wrong choices. I went through dark periods of sadness and confusion. I pushed my family away, I told them I didn't need them. I caused them so much pain that there is nothing I could ever do to make up for it. I loved them, I hated them, I lied, I deceived, I did things I would be ashamed to write here.
I have been seeing my blind date quite a bit. Been on five dates with him so far, and I am really enjoying my time with him. Unfortunately, I am also very insecure about us. Mostly because I think I am “missing” being in a relationship. The consistency of having someone by my side, to cuddle with, laugh with, cry with, etc. I recognize that this is a SAM issue. Strictly mine. My expectations around dating needs to change. Shift. I no longer want a relationship I just “dive into.” That being said, I would think after five dates, and one sleep over (sans sex), that I would hear from him more frequently than I am, but perhaps this is just the pace he likes to progress with. Maybe not. Either way, the purpose of dating is supposed to be trying to see if we are compatible. So we shall see how this goes. But for now, his nick name for the purposes of this blog is SMARTY. Short for Smarty Pants.
- I've baked these rolls with all Guinness Stout , with Guinness stout supplemented slightly with an ounce or two of chocolate stout, and I've baked them with the alternate beverage listed, apple cider (I used the non-alcoholic kind, although the recipe might have been contemplating the "hard" kind).
Sure, I could smell it in the air at the time. Sure, I recognized the smell from as far back as six (my parents are very hippie-like creatures, okay?), and sure I basically had easy access to marijuana so long as I was in the state. (I’d been offered a puff by families, friends, and strangers, but only accepted once. You can guess from which group.)
I've had to put off the Christmas baking, I blame the 3 dozen cookies I baked last week for the weight gain, I forgot that Christmas baking was for guests and somehome consumed almost all those cookies myself. Not at once thank God, but over the last week and a half. I'm way too good at baking, and I'm not bragging I'm just saying that I only bake what I love, so...I wouldn't love it if it wasn't yummy. :) It may surprise some of you but I'm a picky eater. I don't beleive in wasting calories on something I think is okay, I only eat what I really like when it comes to fattening treats.
If I wait a week and drive down with spouse, the money issue won't be such an issue.
I know many church leaders right now are thinking “Oh! Come on Jeff!” believing my last paragraph to be unfair. Tough noogies. You’ve made it clear that to have a healthy relationship with God people need to be part of a church. You are the one responsible for making the connection between God and participation in your congregation. You dug the hole. Now you have to sit in it.
“Why?”After a long silent, he asks. “You never treated nicely?”
I switched to trying to run a quarter mile and walking a quarter mile but even that much running was beyond me. At one point I was lucky if I could run a tenth of a mile. When we finally passed the mile 12 marker, I grabbed one final cup of water and thought to myself "It's just one more mile. You can run one mile." But I couldn't. I saw Kim and Steven again as I walked. At this point I thought to myself "If I can just keep my average pace under 10 minutes per mile."
Jackson further says that a whole generation of white men were indoctrinated with hatred.
But not everybody buys into that, no matter that you wish they would. People you would expect to welcome your resolution to what has been an obvious and persistent ongoing problem about how to live your life, do nothing of the kind. In fact they shut down and they close you out. They have an idea in their head about you that they’re not going to give up. You can be related to them and it won’t matter. In fact, that may be the hardest sell of all. I don’t know about any other families but yup, the worst of it was right there in mine.
Second, because a few years passed between the event and the making of United 93, the filmmakers were able to reference the 9/11 Commission Report as well as other reporting on the event to recreate the details as fully as possible. This film also incorporates news footage from that day.
The baby and the toddler grew up, and became teenagers, capable of getting their own carrots, thankyouverymuch, and of climbing out of bed all on their own. Taking down the crib rails was liberating for all of us.
when we're living in the rig
New Recipe I tried or want to try soon: I want to find a good pumpkin fudge recipe. Still on the hunt!
Step #1 may seem boring and not exciting at all. You may wonder why I even bring it up, since it really doesn't seem it has anything to do with decorating! Its....DECLUTTERING!
“Why…why? I came to you last Saturday and you threw my feelings back in my face.”
The Wages of Sin is Death!
Note: It was a really hot summer day. Add to that the heat from the fire and it must have been sweltering in that uniform!
Then there is a second controversy; and that is the question of the Australian Opera. Here, the council’s policy is that the Australian Opera should be maintained as a national organisation fulltime. However, the Australian Opera had asked for an extra million dollars in subsidy, and the council simply couldn’t find an extra million dollars.
HDL - 32
If you’re a new comer the cleansing scene, then you’re diet changes must be simple and straightforward. Arrange your priorities and make sure to eliminate these foods from your diet:
That was the way things were.
Network.
“The red does match your hair, darlin’.” Elise reached over and tossled her daughter’s strawberry-blong hair.
Tel: 03-4252 6059
As much as I would love to sit and gush, there is a thunderstorm arriving any minute to put me to sleep!
1265 **D-II/21/1997. “Ancients and Moderns: On Constantine Cavafy’s Thermopylae.” Hellenic Cultural Organization, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-1999(4), above, pp. 763-74.) See Item C-1999(3), above, pp. 7-8.
As Hell’s Kitchen improved after the successful fight to drive out the pimps and prostitutes, the possibilities for development increased. For example, the site of the old Madison Square Garden at Eighth Avenue and 50th Street, which had stood vacant for almost 20 years even though excluded from the Clinton Special District, became the subject in 1985 of a proposal from the Zeckendorf organization to build what is today World Wide Plaza. In typical Tammany style, the McManus association sought to have a certain number of housing units (agreed upon to be 148) set aside for low income people from the neighborhood and then supported the proposal. Although other more radical tenant groups opposed the development, the fact that the McManus Club, which had been in the community for almost 100 years, supported it essentially rendered this opposition in effective, and the project went forward. The same pattern was repeated with developments along the 42nd Street corridor, and along 57th Street, where the Sheffield was finished and opened.
With Princess Marie at home, hopefully all cozy and comfy waiting for her baby to arrive, I was so happy to get a glimpse of a substitute tiara-sporting royal! This is Princess Elisabeth, first cousin of Queen Margrethe, and this is her sapphire tiara which came from Princess Thyra (a daughter of Frederik VIII) via her mother. Elisabeth never married and never had children, so many wonder if her jewels might make it back into the main royal line someday (long may she live, of course). In the mean time, she seems to be taking the Victoria route with her all blue sparkle. Well done!
Ask
brings. 1 down, 2 to go! We're testing this one
The first is the dancing, which does not merely extend to the formal dance sequences, but encompasses a wild Irish jig of a high which the friends experience after they snort cocaine off a bible. They are duly dumped into a scene of extraordinary macabre irony, which affirms that the grief that they felt for Henry has ultimately drowned in their aloofness and indifference, leaving just a ripple of blank regret.
In fact, depending on which story she happened to be telling, the accuser claimed that either one or two of her alleged attackers ejaculated.
Between March, 2011 and today, I hadn’t thought the market had lost much, if any, value yet here is evidence that we might still be dropping?
Boss Mans
15. Black Buddafly (prod Kingdom)
On a completely unrelated note, I beat Justin in our head-to-head Fantasy Football matchup this weekend.
The ordered piles of stone laid a long time ago vanish
So, don’t let people look down on you for your writing. Who cares if everybody you know just thinks it’s some lame hobby that you spend way too much time on. You know that you have a purpose for writing your novel, and that’s all that matters.
Can't wait until the DIY projects get complete in here!
Or the ordinary person, who in times of war and strife, goes off to serve this Country and offers up his life?
And finally, I made a table runner and napkins for my mom, as she loves decorating for the holidays. I gave them to her a bit before Christmas so she could enjoy the festiveness! For the table runner, I used sew-in interfacing to weigh down the lighter weight reindeer cotton and found that slowly ironing out the bumps in the fabric helped keep the fabric flat. I also used my walking foot which helped keep the fabric layers from shifting.
$1.00 off L'Oréal Paris Go 360° Clean
The station was not as full as expected, but the train was and me and Myrte enjoyed the train to Amsterdam sitting on the stairs (the trains are double deckerd so they have stairs!). Some people got off at an earlier station whilst we got off at Centraal. A sea of orange awaited us, we got a map from a lady and walked towards Dam Square.
To shine your light now is what’s important.
And the kind of places that agents do deal with aren't interested in you because you're not ready for them. So add a third thing to the list: write, perform and spend time on the phone looking for opportunities to perform. Be your own agent. That's pretty much the only advice you can give someone who's starting out. Work as much as you can. You get better. And as you get better, other things will come to you. (Fingers crossed, that'll be happening for me some day soon.)
Flowers by Kaiser Scrapbook (colored with Copic Markers)
1 bought
Residents and Councillor Flower are also concerned that the proposals refer to the area as ‘remote’ when around 15,000 people live in Verwood.
Luckily, the rest of my day rocked and hung out with Bug. Definitely an improvement :-)
We were in Naples 2-8 April and on April 11 the America's Cup started, based out of the marina. On our last day in Naples we headed over to the marina area to see if it was any nicer than the rest of the city, if nothing else it should be all clean and sparkly because of the world's press. Unfortunately it rained all day and rain is really not conducive to meandering around city streets, however that was the plan so we stuck to it.
love is LOVE
Barbara is a spiritual teacher, intuitive counselor, astrologer-numerologer, and an independent minister. She founded the Aquarian Light, a very successful spiritual center in Minneapolis, MN and now offers season events, weddings, ceremonies and personal appointments for Wisdom Readings in Bloomington, MN.
I already have an F. I’m already going to have to re-take this class. Why should I show up?
19- Australia Naval Communications Station Harold E Holt (NCS HEH) Exmouth, Western Australia.
Heaven knows I’m Miserable Now – The Smiths (1984)
Sophie was just a baby in a basket. She would sleep in a little sitting room, oblivious to the celebrations going on in the grand dining room. And then as she grew up, Peter would set a little table just for her in her private sitting room.. she grew older and helped Peter in the kitchen.
Man, I get chills just TALKING about this book. I better stop now, I'm getting light headed.
It's that time of year again where large stores have some of their parking lots taken over with displays for sheds and flowers and all kinds of outdoor type things.
Mom was the real fanatic. She was a caffeine fiend of the highest order, and would stop at nothing to get her fix. But it had to be brewed coffee, never espresso or anything like that. She was somewhat nonplussed when we took a family vacation to London. A true daughter of the American South, she had no use for tea unless it was A.) iced, and B.) sweet.
Khaki Field Black Dial Watch
Wednesday, April 25 at 7:00 pm Best Sex Writing 2012 reading Join Best Sex Writing 2012 editor Rachel Kramer Bussel and contributors Camille Dodero, Ellen Friedrichs, Lynn Harris, Amanda Marcotte, Joan Price, Abby Tallmer, and Rachel Rabbit White for readings from this year's collection of the best journalism and essays about sexuality and a Q&A on wide-ranging topics, include SlutWalks, aging and sexuality, teenagers and sex laws, dating sites for people with STDs, drag shows, men who prefer fat women, and the gentrification of the West Village. Free and free cupcakes. Housing Works Bookstore Cafe proceeds go toward the fight to end AIDS and homelessness. Housing Works Bookstore Cafe, 126 Crosby Street, NYC
You can't get creative, unless there are constraints.
Make sure the shoe matches your foot type and running style. Having a shoe that suits your foot type is the best prevention for injury and pain.
The fans saying the Cintron faked are senseless to me. As you all know, I'm not a big Cintron fan. But I have a ton of respect for Cintron. He's made a living fighting avoided fighters. Nobody would fight Margarito, Martinez, and Paul Williams and Cintron stepped up and fought all three of them, Margarito twice. And when Mayweather had made the comments about the UFC, and Drama Queen Dana White came out and suggested that if Mayweather feels that way, he should fight Sean Sherk. At that point Cintron stepped up and volunteered to fight Sean Sherk. This was big to me, because it shows how dedicated he is to the sport of boxing and how fearless he is when he steps in the ring (or cage, whatever the situation would have been.). Its funny because I'm a Paul Williams fan, and I'm usually very critical of him (as I am Andre Berto) and I'm not a big Cintron fan but I'm not very critical of him, I give him all the credit he deserves.
Hagmann goes on to say that his sources tell him the concerns of the DHS stem from a collapse of the U.S. dollar and the hyperinflation a collapse in the value of the world’s primary reserve currency implies to a nation of 311 million Americans, who, for the significant portion of the population, is armed.
when we all see you leaving
Ladies and Gentleman, take a good look at me. You are looking at the future Valedictorian and a graduate of Harvard University! How? I have a Chinese mother! She is a tigress who sits on top of the food chain, and she has told me so. That is the master design she has crafted for me since I was in her womb. In fact, I am well in my way of reaching that dream: I’ve gotten ten trophies already—one in violin, two in piano, three in math, four in abacus. Impeccable! Even the numbers align perfectly—one, two, three, and four trophies—in violin, piano, math, and abacus! Yes, perfect, perfect, and more perfection is what I aim for, because that is how I was trained by my Chinese mother.
Caitlin is horrified to discover Caleb with his ex-wife, Sera, and before Caleb has a chance to explain, Caitlin tells him to leave. Heartbroken, confused, Caitlin wants to curl up and die, her only consolation being in her wolf-pup Rose.
We hope to have a very special guest on to talk about happiness and what it is exactly and we’ll preview an upcoming exhibition which deals with the theme.
Hooray for going to awesome author events and finally meeting Tahereh Mafi and Veronica Rossi! That’s right. I went to their Into the Future Book Tour stop in Miami last weekend!! (Thank you to St. Martin’s Griffin, Little Brown Books for Young Readers, Tor Teen, Bloomsbury Children’s Books, Saundra Mitchell and Sarah Nicolas for the items I received this week.) Also a correction: Where I mention the “Changeling” series by Kristin Cashore, I really meant the Graceling series. Oops.
I believe in maintaining a healthy detachment from one's protagonists (main characters in written stories). You don't want to fall into the character too much but you also don't want to fall out of the character too much. You want to be so much a part of the character that you can feel the way he/she breathes, but in that very same heartbeat you want to be able to immediately detach yourself at any given time and say "That's her, this is me" or "That's him, this is me." The easiest way to do that is to use names not too closely associated with yourself but at the same time ones that are meaningful enough to mean something!
the drawings depict real objects ranging from soulful shoes to marvelous mermaids (see illustration at Sandy's blog), they are also meant to be strings, the guidelines used in zentangle to create sections on the page. The drawings are wide and open, leaving lots of room for tangles. I found the drawings fun to look at, but was amazed at how they came to life as I colored and tangled them. In fact, Sandy sums it up perfectly, in her Letter from the Editor, which is found on the inside cover:
Of course, in ADHD fashion, I then spent an hour following various links to even more blogs and sites that explain and/or show videos of the techniques and tips mentioned in the comments that I’ve never heard of before: Norwegian join, mattress stitch (turns out I know this one – just didn’t know its name!), Kitchener stitch, felted join, cables without cable needles (I’m SO excited about this one). Oh, all kinds of things.
Alas, not one of those promises to myself has been kept. Miles have gone and I have slept.
So that last post I posted? Yeah, the one with the "thinking hard about changing the name" line in it? Well, Jessica (whose blog I really love!)commented on it (thank you!:)) and it really helped me. I've been thinking a little creatively since I read it this morning,and I'm really taking her advice and adding it in. Here is what she commented-
I meant to try layering it over a base colour but TBH with more and more polish arriving on my doorstep I couldn't be bothered putting in the effort, when I could try a brand new one instead!!!
he chucked that piece of chalk at jake's head.
Recently my mom retired from 25+ years as a church secretary. She has a gift for words and often used the church newsletter to express her thanks in a space called “Thankful Corner”. Now that she’s retired, I thought I’d use this space to carry on the sentiments.
have absolute faith in the
So where are you going with this, Snooker?
EMERGENCY GRANTS
"...It was a house frequented by old men who could no longer use women as women: but Eguchi, on his third visit, knew that to sleep with such a girl was a fleeting consolation, the pursuit of a vanished happiness in being alive. And where there among them old men who secretly asked to sleep forever beside a girl who had been put to sleep? There seemed to be a sadness in a young girl's body that called up in an old man a longing for death.
You once asked questions by the dozen
– a culture thriving in her unwashed cup
I have a leather bag of my father's.
And if Lowry, whom Barro presents as some sort of fearless, truth-telling, Renaissance Man, were to fire Derbyshire, would he then be taken seriously by black Americans? Of course, not. He already sucked up to bloody, black supremacist, Al Sharpton, and that didn’t help. If Lowry wants to stay in business, he needs to worry about being taken seriously by white Americans.
Add the lentils to the soup base, and simmer for an additional 5 - 10 minutes, until the soup is thick and creamy. You can puree it again, if you wish, but it really doesn't matter, as the lentils add a slightly chunky texture to the soup.
Regardless, I do the best I can and send the information off into the ether. I'm not hopeful that Microsoft will be quick to respond, but I hope that they'll at least lock down the account while we work out the details.
The second view is that of the Christian Sabbath as defended by Joseph A. Pipa. Like McCarty, Pipa begins in Genesis and uses some of the same texts to ground the nature of the Sabbath command. As a continuationist for the Ten Commandments, Pipa sees a moral grounding, as opposed to ceremonial grounding, for the Sabbath command and therefore believes it is binding on the NT believer. Pipa holds that since the Ten Commandments are not ceremonial law, having their grounding in creation and the law, provide the basis for the rest of the Mosaic law and are repeated in the NT they are still applicable for the NT believer. Pipa believes that the command to the keep the Sabbath is about the seventh day of the week and not necessarily tied to Saturday. Since the Ten Commandments are not ceremonial or judicial they are not fulfilled in the sense of abrogating their use or applicability for the Christian. Christ does fulfill them but does not end them. Pipa rightly contends that the resurrection of Christ is the defining event that the NT church recognized as shifting the Sabbath rest from Saturday to Sunday. Before the resurrection the basis for Saturday Sabbath was creation and the Exodus. Since the resurrection, Sabbath is remembered in celebration of and on the day of the resurrection event – Sunday. When it comes to observing the Sabbath Pipa argues that the believer is to rest short of works of necessity (preparing food or feeding animals) and mercy (tending to medical emergencies, helping a neighbor fix their car so they can get to work the next day or certain types of businesses that cannot shut down on Sunday). Admittedly, this leaves room for much “work” to be done in Sunday. I personally find this view to be the most convincing.
I walk up to Rachel, lying in the ambulance on the stretcher. Her eyes are closed and her chest is moving a little up and down as she breathes weakly. I pull the blanket off her, to find a bandaid covering a huge hole just under her breast bone, where she'd stabbed herself. I gasp, tears fall down my face and onto her cheek. Her eyes flitter open as she feels the drops. The paramedics bring more bandages and medicine to clean the wound. I wait for them to tell me to go away but they don't. I hold her hand as they drive to the hospital. Her sobbing mother sits in the front.
The next morning I asked if he had a chance to listen to the podcast. He said, "Yes, and I listened to five others." Since then he has completed all the podcasts from 2011 that interested him and loves telling me about each one. In fact, I discovered that there were a few that I missed and went back and listened to.
I have been using a lot of carrots and pumpkins for my regimented weekday dinners. Apart from being a rich source of vitamin A, I begin to discover the immense natural sweetness of these two ingredients and have been planning to create a dish to just showcase this character, hence the cream of carrot and pumpkin. I used a stock of sun-dried local anchovies and pork bones, which were simmered for almost an hour. It’s an easy starter to prepare – just pureeing the softened mirepoix of carrots, onions, garlic and pumpkin with toasted dried shrimps and stock. No cream of any kind was used. I topped the dish with a crack of black pepper and a drizzle of truffle oil. I should have omitted the latter as its scent was overshadowed by the pungency of the dried shrimps. The sweetness of the cream was expectedly intense. The dried shrimps gave the starter an Asian twist, which I thought was interesting. This was served with slices of dark rye sourdough.
But when you're living this large, it's not all fun -- the guy also pays $75,261 in property tax alone, which I guess is what you'd expect from a 20,000 square foot mansion on the water.
I love the colour palate, its so vibrant with the yellow and blue and I love a chevron pattern. There are some gorgeous ideas like the moustache garland and the tissue paper swirling garland behind the dessert table. The chocolate moustache favours are also such a yummy idea, and finally the picture of daddy and Braden wearing matching bow ties is so super cute!!
Next, it was the cable TV. When the repair man showed him the frayed wires that were the source of his trouble, George knew that it was tiny teeth that were responsible for the damage.
OK, so I had said that this wasn't as detailed as I usually draw scarabs, but now that the 2 halves are together I am really rethinking the final size :p
House along with monetary preparing is better accomplished like a helpful enterprise between you, the attorney and your fiscal expert. (You will find financial experts who are in addition legal professionals, along with vice-versa). This will assist ensure your house along with purchase ideas have been in connect as well as in accordance along with related legal guidelines, while cheap swtor credits also assisting you to accomplish your own objectives along with care for the heirs.
New Jersey Beer Company, based in North Bergen, was recently added as a contract brewer and last week brewed a Belgian brown (Abbey Brown, 7% ABV) for the Boaks label.
So much for foreign protection of civilians in Israel.
I've spoken before about online viral lookbooks and videos for brands and how they end up being a bit of a advertising heavy lifestyle pornfest. (Think the Todd Selby for Zara video featuring Lucy Chadwick) I'm of the view that it's great to experience a bit of glossy voyeurism and as long as you realise (as with any other advertising) that it's a healthy portion of branding rather than a 'real life' film showcasing of somebody just from the love of the directors own heart.
If you don't want to you don't have to finish the raw edge of the facing.
#77 ANDREW DATKO- Offensive Tackle- Florida St.:
Address: 7th St and Constitution Ave NW Washington, D.C.
I don’t know about anyone else, but the little comment that wordpress gives me after every single post I make is starting to drive me crazy.
The back also shows that A. E. "Red" Patterson was the Angels Team President at that time, a title he held for 3 years, then becomming a long-time Angel executive.
Cher – Mask
The recipe said to add all ingredients, stir and then cook for about 3 hours and continue to stir.... occasionally! Easy peasy!
Snippets from an article by Deb Riechmann of the Associated Press and printed in The Arizona Republic this morning, 11/16/10:
Well, we're sitting, and we're waiting. Got to Guiyang around noon, checked into the hotel shortly thereafter, and we'll meet our guide to go to get Maggie at 4:30. Stef wanted a Starbucks, so Graham and I went looking. In Beijing, there is a Starbucks about every 100 yards, certainly I could find one here. We walked a couple city blocks...Graham counted over 300 "stares that he saw".
In the second place, it must be known that the man, whoever he is, who is going to make war against the Turk, must be sure that he has a commission from God and is doing right. He must not plunge in for the sake of revenge or have some other mad notion or reason. He must be sure of this, so that, win or lose, he may be in a state of salvation and in a godly occupation.
Hawkins shrugged. "Actually, Mr.-- ?"
But there had been one man who had not been satisfied with the committee's findings. Professor Roy Anthony, Pat's old friend and teacher, now head of the institute's department of astrophysics, was convinced that there was more behind the mysterious fires than appeared upon superficial examination. And so, in order to prove his faith in his young protégé, he had offered to privately finance the building of a third balloon, for a final test.
We lost them, those who were our own
The school that our Mimi want to the last half of the school year here in Texas was very and I stress VERY unimpressive. There were many many things that upset us over the course of the school year that were never 'taken care of.' And in all honestly we were made to feel that just because our daughter was scoring well on her year end tests and because the state gives them money for her being at school- THAT is the reason why they wanted her there. Not because her teacher wanted to teach and she had a love for it, and to top it all of 'they' made my daughter feel like the odd ball out with her blond hair and blue eyes. I know sounds weird being the add ball out looking like that, but honestly she is the ONLY student in her ENTIRE grade that did NOT have brown hair and brown eyes.
This whole grief thing sucks. No, really. It sucks incredibly bad.
"My voice You shall hear in the morning, O LORD;In the morning I will direct it to You, And I will look up."
I hate this Proverbs 31 woman. She is a box I cannot fit into. She is a trophy wife that I cannot be. And having her as your role model is the epitome of a graceless home. She has her list of rules, checking them off to make sure she measures up.
Muzzleloader – Zones 1, 1A, 2, 3, 4A, 5A, 6, 6A, 7, 8, 8A, 10, 11, 14 and 15: Oct. 20-28 and Dec. 15-17. Zones 9, 12, 13, 16, 16A and 17: Oct. 20-28 and Dec. 29-31. Zones 4, 4B, 5 and 5B: Closed.
One thing I consistently hate about hallowe'en costumes is the flimsy fabric used. Like, if I wouldn't wear this outside under normal circumstances, why would I wear it now? O_o
Premieres: October 4, 2010
Sets: Mixed Bunch, Fabulous Phrases.
Mind you, I still don't do "resolutions". These are, to quote a pirate, "more what you'd call guidelines than actual rules."
This little card is based on dots of course! And the pink is for her and the grey is for me... best to combine the both of these... hey!!
Anyone else get tired of this question? Honestly, in my house I don't REALLY get bombarded with this question, but I do have our menu planned out a week in advance (generally...) and it's nice for me to see it written out and displayed so I can easily remember what's going on this week.
Our car, however, was not fine; I owe my mom another big thanks for loaning us hers. It would be tough, getting Eöl to and from work, mom and dad to their various appointments, as well as anyone else that needed to be anywhere. With many of these appointments within an hour of each other, I was designated to keep the car and chauffeur.
Children targeted by bullies also tend to fit a particular profile. Bullies often choose children who are passive, easily intimidated, or have few friends. Victims may also be smaller or younger, and have a harder time defending themselves.
So this earnings season, dig deeper into the numbers. Yes, look at their sales. And of course, look at their earnings. But take a look at their profit margins as well. Are they going up or down? In other words, are they making more on each dollar of sales they make, or less? This is important stuff to know, and could make the difference between investors buying a company’s earnings announcement, or selling it.
Body: But I want some! Last time I promise!
Sam rolled his eyes. "Mom. You don't have to come. It's not like it's going to happen again. That'd be crazy. Besides, I just want to see if my blood is still there. I bet it is. It was everywhere."
I recently read a pretty disturbing article written for a small newspaper that was posted on its website and quickly removed by the editor. Some have opined that the inflammatory article was posted for page hits, and page hits it did get. I’m not linking to it or naming the paper because I’m not into helping that paper get more page hits, and the article has been taken down anyway. But the editor’s apology note was qualified with the statement that the author’s attempt at sarcasm missed the mark. Having had some experience with sarcasm, it got me thinking. Sometimes when I think, I write. Sometimes when I write, I share. (Although I share very rarely here these days. Sorry, yo.)
I DO hope they can see many, many options for getting where they need to go in life. Options like apprenticeships and working part-time to fund travel adventures and self study and on and on the list goes. I hope they trust themselves enough to know that college isn't some mystical and fearful place, just another option in an endless list of options.
Order: Caryophyllidae
“You’re such a nerd!”
“She’s good in these things. And nicer than me. You’d have liked her.”
I met Christine, Phil, Kimi and Shaun not long after they'd left school. In St. Louis to be exact, during an unschooling conference at which I spoke. Kimi and Sierra became friends and over the years we met up with them at various locations in the U.S. for gatherings or conferences. They travel in their RV a lot so they get around! Kimi and Shaun are engaging, bright and interesting young people to chat with. I've always enjoyed their perspective and time with the entire family. It's obvious their children are not sheltered and are being exposed to FAR more than the average child their age.
And God was pleased.
i've never tried anything, not really. i know i'm one of those people who would end up needing it to get out of bed. and i think for me, doppler use would be the same thing.
Expensive birthday parties and exotic holiday trips are nice if you can afford them. But as I cuddle up in my new pajamas while Cate really gets into playing Playmobil and Brennan zooms his cars on the floor and my hubby listens to some new vinyl, I find that I really can't ask for much more. I've kind of got it made, really. A loving husband who is a fantastic father, two beautiful children who light me up with their smiles, a home full of love and history that comes with a mortgage cheaper than the rent we used to pay, family that is there for us in any situation, friends that laugh and grow with us. That's a whole lot more than most people have. That's a whole lot of love too, if you ask me.
Father today we seek your discernment we seek your wisdom. Show us anything in us that we need to tear down show us the deepest things in our hearts that are stealing our intimacy with you. Father we praise you for your Mercy and Grace we come boldly to your throne in our time of need and ask you to grow us today in our life with you . In Jesus Name.
Because of this, I drank plenty of water, checked my phone, and pretended nothing horrid happened like that. But it was really hard, everything in my dream just felt like seconds ago although I’ve had it in the past hour *drink drink drink. I wondered how long it has been since I stopped praying before I sleep. Plus, the fact that I wasn’t able to attend mass last Christmas day. Maybe this is a strong cue with all that.
I originally had 8 miles on my schedule but with the temps hovering near 90 and the dew point hovering near 70 I figured I'd do what I could. I recently read this Runners World forum post where they discuss how much humidity and dew point affects running. Basically it boils down to if you add the temperature and the dew point together and it's above 150 then you should just be glad you survived your run.
So don’t bother trying to have me pick up a shift, or work for you, b/c I’ll be here.
I am sure that doesn't include any of my readers but just in case here is a little bit of heaven;
It's not what you'd all classy but at least they're not "interpreting" the song, like they usually try to.
Oh, and speaking of that, do you wanna see what happened over at the Noxious's house yesterday, when the YG decided that she should take it upon herself to cut her own hair?
Levin said the developer plans affordable housing, though he wouldn't guarantee it would be included at that site. The firm would participate in the 80/20 program, gaining tax breaks for making 20% of the units are subsidized and thus affordable or buying certificates that ensure that affordable housing gets built elsewhere in the city. Skeptical audience members suggested that the latter tactic would be far more likely.
He inches closer, his face mere inches from mine. “All right, Soul Collector. It’s you and me then.”
Forex day trading is, as the term suggests, holding trades in the currency market on an intra-day basis, whether by scalping or taking intra-day swing trades. Trade setups are usually based on the smaller timeframes (1min-1hr charts), and typically, will only be in a trade for a few minutes or hours, with the intention of being flat (all trades closed) by the end of the day. Day trading is preferred by individuals who like to be actively entering and exiting trades
Basically, I was doing it. I was being a real writer. I was a grown-up! I was cool!
The jail cell remained in use until 1925 as Kyle’s city jail and, later, was moved to the Texana Village at Aquarena Springs. Due to lack of funding, the jail cell along with other buildings and artifacts were removed from the Village. At the eleventh hour, the jail cell was saved and moved to its current location at the San Marcos Academy.
Absolutely staggering!
In a haze of lots of not so sure, instabilities with diverse and far removed believes, a start to a new day, the sun rising as if the east was made special by its luminance. But it brings no warmth.
It took a lot of courage (or foolishness) but I stuck in another long position at 9900 with a stop loss at 9800. If it drops to 9800 it's going all the way to 9500 at least.
This Reliance Dahej 50-bed hospital will procure all necessary upgraded features and will have five doctors including a surgeon, orthopedic, physician, gynecologist and a general practitioner. There will be special care taken to pander to burn cases. This hospital at Dahej will also cater to places that are nearby. It may also work to organize mobile services and camps that may benefit a major section of the population and create awareness in the society.
Well, those are my quick-and-dirty tips for optimizing your company for social media promotion. I’m sure we all have missed opportunities that can be seized with little to no impact on our daily routines. What are your ideas?
We learned that play can teach. Play can teach people about gender, race and art. We found that, like art, games can tell us about the people who created them. We learned that, like all things worth studying, there is a nuance and a craft to creating a good game. We learned that everything society inflicts and informs itself with is important. That mass media is a reality unto itself. That hyperreality is hyper interesting. That if you give people the freedom to do as they please they will do just that. That the internet is “serious business” but yet Anonymous actually means business. That if you let people loose in Minecraft to play a game they are going to get stuck in holes, release monsters, burn buildings down, and hide workbenches (Minecraft is basically that island from Lord of the Flies). That people want to achieve, create, win, and kill in games (not any different from some people’s real life aspirations).
Juanjo Ccastellano did the album cover, we knew him from his "Primal Massacre" work for VOMITORY and we really wanted him to design for us.
Be arrogant if you wish. Look down on others and treat them poorly, if you wish. But realize that if you do so, you’re only allowing your own inner weaknesses to shine through, and you’re not fooling anyone. Not the people around you, who hold you in disdain, not God who made you and loves you and knows all about you, and not yourself. And for those who must deal with arrogance on a regular basis, please keep in mind that arrogant people treat you poorly only because they’re needier than you, and they haven’t yet admitted to themselves that they are needy. They need and deserve your compassion, not your anger.
The Leaf people produced a few Andrew Luck cards, using a picture of him at the 2008 U.S. Army All-American Bowl, a high school All-Star game. Luck’s people sent them a cease-and-desist letter, saying that they don’t have the legal right to profit from an image of Luck. The Leaf people say they do indeed have the right to use images from the All-American Bowl. Now they’re suing Luck.
Why April is the cruellest month—well,
I've been wondering what to put on here? Searching inspirational poems or words, and how to wish you all a Happy New Year? I have one of the lurgys that are doing the rounds at the moment. A cold and cough and my mind couldn't settle on anything at all. That is, until today. I saw this video by the wonderful people at Harper Asprey Wildlife Rescue and it put a huge smile on my face. So I thought I would share it with you.
I stopped in at Belmont Station last night and had a pint of Southern Oregon Brewing's Porter. If you recall, this is the Medford brewery that opened late last year (nice article here). For those of us at points North, it is an obscure place. No presence on the web, and until I spied this beer, no distribution in Portland. And yet by all accounts, it's a fairly big brewery, so I've been hoping to see it eventually.
It's the Lancaster Round Table Beer Festival, which is in its 22nd year. For the first time this year it will incorporate a beer competition – the Lancashire Cup.
Since its creation in 2006, Nothing But Nets has donated more than 6.4 million long-lasting insecticide-treated nets to Africa.
2010.08.04 Thailand Pattani 1 0 A Buddhist is gunned down in an Islamist drive-by.
Another thing you notice about the place is its more or less a work in progress. Most of the work had just been done and all the draught beer is served by gravity from the large back bar area with the handpull situation not quite in place. Yet overall it has its own unique personality, worlds apart from anything else in this little old town of Alnwick.
IN THE DAYS OF NOAH, the whole world was deluded. Yet, the whole world tried to make Noah feel he was deluded as he, under the supreme direction of God, built and ark of safety and escape from the wrath to come. Noah was faithful to warn the people. He told them, “repent, for the end of all things is at hand;” and so the message continues today. Faithful and true men and women of God are still sounding the alarm, “Save yourselves from this untoward, (wicked) generation.” Acts 2:40
I was a bit worried starting the book because I’d found her last one (The Spell Book of Listen Taylor) very hard-going. Thankfully I didn’t need to be at all. In fact, I thought it was up to the same standard as Finding Cassie Crazy (though I should mention it’s much longer weighing in at over 500 pages!). It’s cleverly written in the shape of exam essays, meeting minutes and online conversations, with themes and seemingly unconnected details and multiple point-of-views all blending to create a gem of a book. Put that way, it sounds kind of like high literature. And it could be. This should be read in schools and then maybe more people would read. But that’s by the by because what really matters is that it is a book that teens will love.
in some darkened and dank back street alleyway
They had tried every possible way to save the ship and in verse 20, they had given up. It says, “All hope that we should be saved was taken away.” But now they perceived that out there, not too distant was land. They could not see it for it was night time but because of Paul’s words and their human understanding they knew it to be true. They sought to make a dash for it but that was not God’s way.
10) Close the fridge.
I will leave you with a couple of piccys, the car is just too jiggly to write much more, lol!
Asahi attempts to connect with music fans though sponsoring concerts. Also sponsors the World Baseball Classic.
Now we mustn't confuse The Snorers Wife with The Baby Mumma. If you were to walk around the shopping centre in the bright glow of the early morning sunshine, the two may be hard to distinguish. Sticky up, slightly wonky hairdos. Dazed expressions. Bloodshot puffy eyes peering out above dark smudged crescents. Triple-shot lattes. Mismatched clothing. Oh yes, hard to tell them apart all right, but if you look hard enough you will spot the clue, one will actually have a baby. The other, a slightly disconcerting glint in their eye.
Cute idea, huh?
Once I asked L to touch herself while I watched. As if to provide cover for both of us, I added, “I want to know what you like.” As if I was looking for a tutorial, as if I didn’t know how much I was asking.
I also added a tiny hint of a mint-y green to the sides of the blog (which might read as white on some monitors) because, although you know I love an all-white look, I thought it might be easier on the eyes than miles and miles of white. But I kept it simple and subtle because I like my photos to pop. I already had some mint-y green going on so now the look is more cohesive.
It was then that she started researching e-books and discovered that for every $2.99 book she could sell, she could keep 70%, with the rest going to the online bookseller. For every 99-cent book she could sell, she could keep 30%.
percent, was in contravention of Rule 20(20) of the Kuala Lumpur Stock
So here is to hoping tomorrow brings us better heath, and no need for more emergency visits!!
weekend, and I also had the time to attend to a Thai Demo Cooking event that I enjoyed so much! Saturday Thai cooking Dinner and Sunday Greek Easter Feast!.. Thank God for all these lovely gatherings.
To use the sander I just fixed a piece of wood to one end of the plywood sheet so that I could grip it in the large vice I have in my shed, it also makes it easy to store as well, and as space is currently at a premium in my shed easily storing things is handy.
Well here's our chance! An extra day!
The rain was pretty persistent throughout the course, and I was getting cold – though very thankful for my gloves. I was started to drag a bit at about 18 miles and my head started to drop a little. From about 20 onwards there were a few periods of walking dropped in as my chest/diagphram started to cramp and I was a little despondent that I was falling away from my 4:10(ish) target. As the 4:30 pacers came past I tried my best to stick with them for the rest of the race, but by the of another mile I had lost them too – this confused me though as I thought I was still on for about 4:20 if I really tried, so god only knows what time the 4:30 lot ended up with.
Actually, IF WE “CHOSE TO”, WE COULD say that this goes AGAINST OUR FREE WILL? RIGHT? But if and when we “choose” to believe this to be “oppositional?” To our freewill, in reality,…it,actually, to me, proves our freewill. I mean, we CHOSE/CHOOSE to believe, right?
There's a visual freedom about this one that is at times exhilarating, most notably its interpretation of the Ghost of Christmas Past episode: years of Scrooge's memories compressed into one dense 12-minute long take. Could that kind of complicated camera move have been accomplished nearly so easily with live action? I doubt it, and according to Zemeckis himself in this New York Times interview, that's the kind of freedom he finds appealing about digital performance capture. But what's welcome with Zemeckis's Carol compared to The Polar Express is that the technology is, much of the time, placed in service of putting across a fresh and astonishingly faithful interpretation of Dickens's traditional holiday chestnut; despite a few regrettable episodes which, like much of the first half of The Polar Express, feel more like a theme-park ride than a movie, human warmth isn't totally sacrificed. Unlike Avatar, technology serves the story, and not vice versa.
But now I have different problems. I've been trying to get ahold of my mother-in-law all day long. To see if her AAA plan has the "help a friend" service...if she even has AAA anymore. Or find out if she knows anybody who can come over and help me. Or...at the very least, if she can help me since I have no idea what I'm doing.
For those of you who don’t comprehend the severity of this situation, let me explain…
9: Green Man Spell- form a human figure from garden material. Immerse the figure in a bowl or body of water. Place the figure among your garden plants, and recite this charm:
I'm also experiencing a different type of emotion this time around. Last pregnancy I would get sad that it was no longer going to be just me and Patrick. But now, I feel guilty that Lyla's life is about to change more than she'll ever know. I feel sad that I won't be able to devote all of my time and energy towards her and that she'll have to share Patrick and me. I guess it's normal to feel this way. To Patrick's point, he almost feels guilty for the new baby that it'll never get total focus and devotion like Lyla had for almost 3 years.
Our truck just happened to wreck in front of a sex shop.
Where is our salvation?
Before anyone asks, I’m not here to go into the intense and hurtful details of my breakup. That is in the past. What I will say is I found a lie that my ex told me, a lie that I would not have found if I had not been out of town that additional night. He had a good enough excuse behind this lie, but a part of me fundamentally didn’t believe it.
Arranged and Conducted by Arthur Greenslade
But Dawkins’ presumption to have an idea of someone else’s innermost beliefs is both fanatical and an intrusive thing.
'I got hit by a mortar and was blown up. I had shrapnel in my face and shoulder - I knew I was hit but I didn’t think it was bad.
And I will sing it if I know the notes
Or I could talk about how this little boy really believes at times that he is a cat named Puppa.
I am glad the holidays are here. To recharge some batteries and spend some lengthy time with my beloved family. But I shall miss the banter, the chat and the closeness of pre-school.
Then I did. I heard it - that made my heart pound and I waited and waited continuing to whistle and then it appeared - the Drainpipe Duckling with feathers all stubby and brown. Yeeeeeeeeeeeessssssssssss!
Are you planning to see The Avengers, and if so which hero are you most excited to see again on the big screen?
To me, these are fresh & happy colors.
That night my mother smothered the chaudin with a bunch of
“Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don’t matter, and those who matter don’t mind.” – Dr. Seuss
He always make me happy. I’m not sure why I call him Pepito. But when I saw him, that’s the first thing that came to my mind. Incidentally, my friend had a pet chicky called Pepito too, though I think they are mutually independent events. Yeah, erm.. noticed I used “had”, well, her pet became dinner.
So much for camping.
‘I’m only going to lend her my robe.’
She used miniture m&ms for the eyes but I didn't have any so I just used dark chocolate chips and it worked perfectly fine. You'll also need some pink jelly beans for the nose. I should really start collecting the different sorts of candy for cupcake decorations. The problem is, every time I buy candy for these purposes I end up eating all the left overs and I would still have no ingredients the next time I need them.
And here is the recipe, and the method to make your very own, North Staffs Oatcakes.
The only slight downside to CC is the price point and the lead time. The prices are not out of line though, because they reflect the premium materials and expert craftsmanship that make each piece so special. In the long run, the higher level of quality and durability will offset the initial cost. Also, the long production/delivery schedule (2-3 months) is very typical for custom, handmade rugs. So if you have the budget and a bit of patience, definitely consider using Custom Cool. To me, they are a much needed alternative to Madeleine Weinrib and I'm excited to have them as a resource!
We fire event by the aptly name fireEvent , and pass in the event name exposed from our note controller, and the record we get from the parameter. See how it all link together nicely.
You’re much better than that
hovering near oblivion
2. Meanwhile, combine turkey, shallot, scallions, Tabasco, Worcestershire, remaining 1 1/2 teaspoons salt, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper in a large bowl; mix very lightly to combine.
Nick did not have a good run yesterday. He ran in the four by eight and Nick is not a sprinter. He is a distance runner. He has already suffered from shin splints and yesterday runners cough that attacked his lungs and airway so severely he vomited! He was unable to run the mile or the two mile. We are hopeful once he is over Spring break he will be able to get back on track. He is still looking at colleges, primarily in Colorado and Kansas. We want him to end his high school years on a high note. We want him to run well and be strong and healthy.
Here are some new favorites I've added lately, starting with my sapphire and iolite bracelet which I just love if I do say so myself!
We are always conscious of sin.
This is a good step forward but making a "hate list" of specific things will only carry you so far and really it's better to let go of the hate and "accept the things you cannot change". If you don't do this, things will simply build up until you explode or are overcome by depression.
17 - Your twin cousins' birthday
And knowing himself heartless, soulless (not nice)
And they continue to aggregate more power at the federal level -- and to build their own personal wealth -- ignoring and flouting the law. Rangel, Feinstein, Frank, Reid, Waters, Conyers -- to name but a few -- have repeatedly thumbed their noses at financial disclosures, ethics violations, criminal complaints, FOIA requests, and the like.
"The great-grandfather from Friso’s mother’s side, a German prince named Hendrik, raped his own daughter, the mother of queen Beatrix, as a result of which a daughter was born. The father of Friso, Claus, was a homosexual who also used children for sexual pleasure. The lawyer of the Queen and main guardian of the crown prince, Friso’s brother, was a sadistic pedophile against whom even testimony of child executions exists."
People earning more than $300,000 a year will have the tax on their superannuation contributions doubled to 30 per cent.
Instead, several hundred thousand people watched in disbelief and anger as Mubarak refused to step down in his televised address several hours later.
In this future world, monster storms and huge tornadoes rip through communities, forcing people to hide in safe rooms beneath ground. Thirteen-year-old Jaden Meggs is fascinated by the science behind these storms, and is determined to follow in her father’s footsteps figuring out ways to dissipate these life-threatening storms.
#15 What’s the first thing you do every morning?
Ben nodded quietly. “Liesl, lots of people were questioned. Dr. Devoe had many associates, many students. None as close to him as you were, granted. And none of them had to watch him die. I’d do anything to erase that trauma from your life, but I can’t. And you can’t.” He paused. “But you can break its grip on you. You have to let it go.”
We are blessed to have time in this world to expereince life and the beauty of it…
As the gaming developed it was discovered that the developers were able to create living, breathing and almost realistic world for the high-end PCs.
Knock Me Off My Feet by The King Khan Experience
Whew!! Mystery solved!
We had an amazing Christmas. We celebrated with all our family and the kids had a blast. We could definitely feel the missing piece though. I can not wait to have Caleb home and celebrating with us. We were able to get a package out to him in time for him to receive it for Christmas and today we got pictures!!!!
* Europe – indeed, the original EEC – was defined by war and rivalry. The reaction to this has been (understandably, but unwisely) the hegemony of centralised social democracy with the accent on an equal, not a growing, cake. The American entrepreneurial model is almost entirely absent…in favour of stifling bureacracy that continues to spend and spend. (The US has spent unwisely to subsidise its banker, multinational business and Pentagon lobbyists; but it is winding down its government employee benefits, cancelling its social health commitments, and paring back the welfare system).
Illamasqua Fatal in crease & blended outwards
It is time for elderberry syrup again. I cannot praise this lovely berry and the syrup made from it enough. I just love it.
Last weekend, I was coughing and hacking and feeling pretty close to death warmed over. I decided to take a nap at around 1 on Saturday--when I woke up around 4, I was informed that Big Daddy had invited some people over for a Barbeque.
I can’t expect that to happen every week though! I know we make our own opportunities really and if I want to reach my ideal of being self-employed then I need to get off my backside and approach galleries myself, and maybe get good at talking to people in real life! It’s scary but I can’t just let the weeks fly by while I while away the hours being cosily domestic, only producing ceramics when occasion demands it – I need to take some chances.
Preheat oven to 450.
“yes, my lord.”
8) Add the rice and eggs. Toss well in low flame. Make sure the rice, egg and vegetables are mixed well.
Several weeks ago, I created some business cards on Vistaprint, but I didn’t order them right away. I went back and forth, tweaking and deciding exactly what I wanted. Had I ordered them immediately, I would’ve paid about $20, plus shipping. But, since I waited, Vistaprint kept sending me discount emails, until finally I only had to pay for shipping. Money saved: $20.
397 tweets
Researchers concluded that, “even small improvements in your body shape are going to benefit you, with the ultimate goal of having the smallest waist relative to your hips.” They also suggested that health care advisors focus on central weight distribution rather than weight alone as a more precise way to identify at-risk patients.
Oh my, I may need to change my ways and become one of the bloggers who post only once a week listing every day, for I am ' very tardy ' in my postings. The weather in Palm Springs continues to be beautiful, with hardly any wind.. now that I've said it that, we'll get a howler for sure. We seem to be avid weather report watchers ( aren't all Canadians? ) but we get a kick out of the extended forecasts for this area, as how do you describe each day differently when the weather is the same? So, you change the forecast slightly: brilliant sunshine, full sunshine, plenty of sun, sunshine and warm, sun with a few clouds and so on. Whatever way it is described, we'll take it and enjoy it.
Her phone vibrated in her pocket she opened it.
As a seller you will always be faced with closely related situations where one word in the right place will close the deal and the other will close the door behind you.
I only have issues when they come into my home which is definitely NOT where they belong. I don’t mind spiders if they stay in their “home” outside. They are actually rather useful outside. They eat the aphids off my roses. They make the most beautiful webs that catch the dew in the early morning and sparkle in the rising sun. They catch mosquitoes, flies, gnats and other annoying bugs in these webs. As long as they stay outside I will happily leave them alone. If they come in my house . . . . They are DEAD!
Paula George
sigh. my poor husband.
Christian follows Jane to find out what she knows about his sister's disappearance and is intrigued when he finds her entering the club. He decides to become her lover for the night and doesn't understand why she is skittish and can't go through with the plans. He tries to keep her out of the investigation but when she refuses to leave it to him he realises that he needs to keep her close to keep her safe. He is determined to find Del and make sure she is safe and away from her husband who he thinks is abusing her. As he spends more time with Jane he slowly realises what she must have gone through with her late husband as she is afraid of what is going on at the club in front of her and doesn't response to Christian's kisses like a pleasured woman would do.
4- The battery of the portable was a major issue. We could have had a power pack but we needed to convert the current, so we needed a “transfo”- It was already too heavy so that option was out of the question.
If this river flowing will ever dry ???
I wanted to try and get a fantasy author - preferably me - onto the Queen of Teen shortlist to encourage diversity and show girls that it's all right to love traditionally 'male' things like books about battles and magic and sword fights. I also wanted to say: "Hey, this award may be pink and sparkly, but it's still a great thing that we should support and be happy about." None of that was necessarily a bad idea.
Worn by ‘Roslyn’ in The Misfits. Roslyn wears this dress to go for a day at the rodeo. The dress has a wide V neck line on the front and back. Straps are ruched on the shoulders and have a bow. The original dress has pleating at the waistband but we didn’t think this looked nice in rubber so left it plain.
I hadn’t been to one of these before and, since there was a place to sit at the bar and watch the kitchen workers, I thought trying to catch one of them picking their nose and cooking would be fun.
Dance of You.
Here are three questions and answers to help you understand what keywords can do for your business.
Abstracts
Let us take a look at how the biggest public libraries in Norway present themselves, statistics-wise, on their web sites.
Years later,
(1) I'm not a football fan really (I support Airdrie United, after all and I know about football as much as I, as a Status Quo fan, know about music), but one of our leading Scottish teams, Glasgow Rangers, has been hugely in the news because of its financial troubles. If you don't know about it and you want to, google it. There are way too many articles I could point you to; the whole thing has been keeping journalists going at full tilt for a week or two. Suffice to say, something stinks in the financial wheelings and dealings at the centre of it all. Big time, it stinks.
In a previous blog entry, I incorrectly gave the grade equivalents for student work. I accidentally used the grade equivalents from my previous honors classes. Since all my classes this year are AP, these are the new percentages for AP work. The letters have the following meanings:
your blue eyes look like holes.
I remember ordering a crab salad and Mike encouraged me to also have a glass of white wine. Once our lunch had arrived, and we were chatting comfortably, Mike said "I really would like to go to bed with you." I nearly choked and almost fell off my chair.
AND, you can write on them with a normal ballpoint or felt tip pen. better still.
AMPLIFIED is fired-up and passionate, and is sure to catch interest of musically inclined readers. Kelly's sophomore release plays a familiar tune to her debut, but is a much lighter read - you might even chuckle a couple times. Jasmine is a great heroine whose endurance and strength of will persist time and time again.
Example One: The mobile armory app does not require an authenticator.
This is where I belong.
I usually serve this with mashed potatoes, which go so well with the cheesy sauce, and with a colorful vegetable like carrots or squash. Hope your family enjoys this if you try it!
of brilliant nicknames: ‘The Forger’, ‘The Cooler King’,
Hood and rain cover included
Have you ever picked a flower and looked at its stem?
God spreads His protection over us. It’s like cuddling up with a warm blanket on a cold winter’s day. God blesses us when we call out to Him and surrounds us with His shield. His shield is our amour for the day. We begin our new day with protection. Secrets; who needs to listen secret-bearers? We can shout the good news of joy from the highest rooftops. Begin your new day with a big bowl of hope!
There’s a fairly intense ending, complete with standoff between our two heroes and a horde of zombies. Lovelock cried, Starkwell laughed at him. Good times were had by all. Fairly cookie cutter stuff, but executed well enough to deserve a place in the mediocre pile of “not that shitty” zombie movies.
Another thing I had a problem with was that the module felt fairly railroady for a dungeon as there were a couple of areas where you either had no choice of which way to go or your choice really didn't make a difference. For instance, in the teleport trap mentioned above there really is no alternative to jumping into it. The way behind you has been closed off and there is no other way out. Railroaded.
How long will the wicked, O LORD,
Describing Jónas composing a poem on Iceland’s birds with a youthful accomplice Sjón writes: “Láfi had begun the poem, the first three stanzas were his, but had run out of birds and inspiration by the time I turned up. As we walked from farm to farm we took to chanting the poem together. He recited the first verses, which he had knocked together with some skill, and I slid into the metre—slipped into like a tongue into the socket of a well-boiled sheep.”
All the supporting characters – the Cullens, Bella’s friends at school, Bella’s father – are much more likable. Or at least more entertaining.
I suppose that I should be used to it now. It never quite goes the way I figure it would. I say this not only about the labyrinth, but also meditation, heck magickal work even. There are always surprises in store it would seem. Such was last night.
Mix dry ingredients in a bowl. Add water to make a soft dough, knead well and continue adding a touch of flour until dough is no longer sticky and becomes pliable. Let sit, covered, for 30 minutes. Divide dough into about 8 balls. Roll out each ball on a floured surface with a rolling pin. Spread about 1 tsp oil on each piece, roll up jelly-roll style (see photos) and curve dough into a snail-like form (see photo). Let sit 5 min. Roll out each piece again on a floured surface with a rolling pin. Preheat skillet. Add a few teaspoons olive oil to the skillet, and fry each chapati one at a time (or if you have room, you can do more). Turn once underside is flecked with light brown spots- but re-oil pan before turning over, this is crucial to prevent burning and smoking up your kitchen. Stack finished chapati in a round cake pan, cover, and place in a warm oven (150 degrees or so) until ready to eat. Be creative, eat with a variety of things and/or topped with your choice items!
Part eleven
Scrappen is still my favorte, bud it likes that I have less time to this.
The view from the top is spectacular - especially to see the fleets of ships 'taking a break' near harbor in the South China Sea.
but even I am starting to feel used up, to wonder who is sapping
His birthday is in two weeks. I don't know how I'm going to handle that.
A man with a friendly figure, pot-bellied, carrying a lantern, came out to greet him with open arms.
D.H: No play, ball in the air, on the ground, game over!
Somehow – despite the rare skill of expertly hanging out THREE ENTIRE LOADS of washing inside a small apartment, cleaning the coffee machine, walking the dog, eating Sunday’s leftovers, going for a run to nowhere, chatting in broken French to the Fratman, taking the wine bottles to the public recycling bins and trying to ignore the disapproving stare of the old lady with just three tins to contribute; sneaking in an old episode of Antiques Roadshow, chasing up an old medical account with an insurer who only answers phones between 9-12 on weekdays and even then has an answering machine that says, ‘Our lines are busy. Please try again later,’ and fishing out 52 retro French magazines from the papier skip before photographing and putting them up for sale on ebay – I do manage to do all of my freelance writing gigs on time.
“Hence — two consequences:
Here are a few examples ...
Ready? Set…WRITE!
But for now, off to bed for some beauty sleep. Rest is just as important as increased activity!
Papaws on the other hand were men of wisdom. Having lived many more years on the earth, they knew how to do things and liked showing their grandchildren things. One was skilled at animal husbandry, caring for cattle, horses, cats, and could take wasps out of the house without killing them, letting them crawl on his finger without getting stung. The other was a mechanic, skillfully taking things apart, analyzing each part, and repairing, putting back together and bragging about how well things were made. The one would take us on walks to the pasture field, salt the cattle (by throwing salt on exposed rock “licks” and call the cattle to come partake), fix the fence, show us the creek, take us by the store for a “dope” and a piece of candy, and get us back in time for the ride home. The other would set up croquet in the back yard, show us how to play, keep us from going into the part of the basement where the secret “spirits” were kept, and fix our broken toys.
I chided myself for being so slow. Many Kurdish friends also do not wear seat belts- we laughed as we recently taught a 14 year old who had NEVER used a seat belt not to wrap the seatbelt around his neck; how to wear it safety/correctly. Much to my sorrow, Kurdish people have been, and continue to be, subjected to terrible disadvantages, and worse. Why add to the number of deaths and disabled Kurds by not wearing seat belts. We are all precious; let’s all “belt up”!
Moi had a visual to go with her haiku. More traditional in the sense that she writes about good, old fashion, summertime sweat. Ineffectual swipe is really good and conveys the helplessness of sweating. And who hasn't had Coppertone hit their eyes like a can of pepper spray?
I recently received a copy of the book, His Mighty Warrior: A Treasure Map from Your King, by Sheri Rose Shepherd to review. I have been reading it to my kids at night before bed. It's a darling book, but also very inspiring.
This is the back or east face of Ailsa Craig. This is where most of the birds hang out. The gannets take over the top of this rock, the puffins nest in little holes on the slopes. Other birds take over the narrow little cracks and ledges on the cliffs themselves.
If that doesn’t work, we can accuse the other of not reasoning properly, of ‘being irrational’, in order to disqualify what they say. We can try to say, “we will not listen to you when you talk like that; for us to listen, you must talk in this way”. Lyotard, in The Postmodern Condition, called this ‘terrorism’; I prefer to call it a form of symbolic violence.
Second, my writing time is very connected to my prayer time. I have been cheating myself of my time with God. It is during this time that I speak to Him and He speaks to me. My relationship is beyond “hello” or a “to do list” I give for Him to accomplish. It is my time to be in His presence and listen. I find when I am quiet and listen, He speaks. And He speaks very clearly.
This here can be yours for the low, low price of $9.98, with the added bonus of a lifelong memory of your child crying hysterically because "Buster killed Sonia!"
Fast foreword to being a mom, with two kids. The only thing that I carried on to adulthood from the experience is that I spoil my kids. Yep. Sure do. I admit it. They are sooooo spoiled at Christmas. And birthdays too.
Reversal drugs injected, we put her back in the trap, where she remained utterly motionless long enough for us to open the lid and take more photos of her stretched out on the ground. Jason went back to the trap to check on her several times. Handling wild animals is always nerve wracking because no matter how careful you are, there’s a risk that something might happen. Within a few minutes, however, she was moving, so we shut the lid and sat down in the snow to wait the requisite two hours.
2. Place the ribs in the slow cooker, add the bay leaves and pour the sauce over the top.
The truth is that God doesn’t need all the attention and hubbub a display a healing like that would produce to get the results He wants. I think He’s benevolent and chooses instead to use us instead to carry out His plans, to be His hands and His feet.
The book starts with Doreen visiting Santorini Island in Greece, where she was contacted by powerful group of angels, calling themselves ‘Angels of Atlantis’. In meditation, throughout her time away from her home, she was taken on a deep spiritual journey into the healing temples of Atlantis. Following her intuition she visited various sites in England, Scotland and Ireland and received profound insights about healing ourselves, the planet and our role within the universe.
Being busy makes me angry. I am pissed off about how busy I am. Busy doing nothing that matters. Busy because it's easier.
it means it is cooked)
a PDF CLASS so visit me soon!!
Because music didn't work for me during this marathon, I felt kind of cheated from this playlist, like we didn't get our deserved time together. So I've been listening to it every day as I walk (and dream of running) around the gym track or slowly pedal the stationary bike while I catch up on reading. Or fold the million loads of laundry that come with potty training twins. These are the highlights of rest week after a marathon.
Other albums with really great first songs, or songs that set the tone really well: Funeral, by Arcade Fire (The Suburbs is probably a better album overall, but The Arcade Fire might never top that first song off their debut full-length). Purple Rain, by Prince (Let's Go Crazy), "Fever to Tell" and "It's Blitz" by the Yeah Yeah Yeahs. Weezer's "My Name is Jonas," is an amazing opening volley. "Until the Morning Comes" by Tindersticks. Yeah Yeah Yeah Song, by The Flaming Lips (At War With the Mystics is not their best, but probably their most fun album.)
I have fallen behind. Shamefully behind. I kid you not, I have stared at the blank page for longer than I care to admit, going cross-eyed wondering where to begin. I close my eyes, take a deep breath and am swept back through the last few months. I land here, right in the middle of the Grand Canyon.
And the power round:
Actually we have several vacant blocks above us, which funnel water run-off from rain straight through our yard. We were having some major problems as a result, and so I begged and pleaded with the developer to come do something about it. Which they did yesterday, after several weeks and quite a few calls. All should have been well.
"Wishing You a Day Full of Happiness"
After our hike we stopped for lunch and then hit the road. We had just gotten into the Phoenix city limits when Athletica realized she didn’t have her purse. I pulled into a gas station parking lot and we searched for it. No, it wasn’t there. I called the restaurant in Sedona and sure enough they had it. I put some more gas into the car and turned north back onto the I-17. We headed back to Sedona. The staff recognized us from a few hours earlier. We decided to stay for some warm sopapillas and honey before heading home. We ended up missing the Superbowl and all the illustrious commercials but all in all, I would not have changed a single thing about this past weekend. When we left Sedona, the almost full moon illuminated the giant rocks below. There is no show that can compare. The adventure continues.
On my To Do List: At least 2 more loads of laundry. And I would like to do something creative this evening.
Our first dilemma is that he sent at least five self-publishing companies his manuscript.
Reunification Palace was the home and workplace of the president in the South Vietnam during the Vietnam War. (Wikipedia) My husband read the explanation about Reunification Palace on Lonely Planet and thought that it would be interesting for us to visit. I’m very glad he guided us to Reunification Palace as it was quite fascinating and interesting even for our little girls. I highly recommend anyone visiting Ho Chi Minh City to visit Reunification Palace if you were to pick one or a few places to visit in the city. The whole palace is preserved as it was during the war. It is a quite different way to learn about one aspect of the Vietnam War history.
* then I managed to get the most awful cold and sore throat and spent a week in bed. I went back to work yesterday only to feel so terrible that my boss was going to send me home again! Been to the GP today and now have the rest of his week off. I'm actually sitting in bed typing this on my iphone lol!
Here's an adorable project by Debi Adams.
When some of those standing there heard this, they said, ‘He’s calling Elijah.’
I really like most black jelly-based glitters and New York Minute doesn't disappoint. I love the burgundy micro glitter mixed with the larger champagne glitter.. it's such a pretty mix. This glitter was really easy to apply and it spread evenly with little manipulation on my part. Pictured above is two coats of New York Minute over Zoya Freja, followed by one coat of China Glaze Fast Forward Topcoat. The only downfall to this polish is removal.. it was a pain to remove, but with most dense glitters, that's to be expected.
This weekend, the doorknob to my den coat closet (which is actually overflowing with paint cans and bins of puppy food in lieu of coats) was the first guinea pig.
With those demands, she became a person who felt that her dreams were wrong. She believed she needed to fulfill the demands, that was why she turned into a totally different person from her own dreams. And by knowing that she might please the people around her, she felt a bit better. Even though she left her dreams away in her bedroom and diaries, she felt good being the ‘submissive girl’ to the surroundings.
In Quatro, "commanders" didn't beat prisoners, they "corrected" them; this was the way the propaganda went. A prisoner received a "corrective measure".
Francisco missed the significance of the first two words; he smiled and said eagerly, “You do see that it’s the same issue? No, you’d never accept any part of their vicious creed. You wouldn’t be able to force it upon yourself. If you tried to damn sex as evil, you’d still find yourself, against your will, acting on the proper moral premise. You’d be attracted to the highest woman you met. You’d always want a heroine. You’d be incapable of self-contempt. You’d be unable to believe that existence is evil and that you’re a helpless creature caught in an impossible universe. You’re the man who’s spent his life shaping matter to the purpose of his mind. You’re the man who would know that just as an idea unexpressed in physical action is contemptible hypocrisy, so is platonic love–and just as physical action unguided by an idea is a fool’s self-fraud, so is sex when cut off from one’s code of values. Its’ the same issue, and you would know it. Your inviolate sense of self-esteem would know it. You would be incapable of desire for a woman you despised. Only the man who extols the purity of a love devoid of desire, is capable of the depravity of a desire devoid of love. But observe that most people are creatures cut in half who keep swinging desperately to one side or to the other. One kind of half is the man who despises money, factories, skyscrapers and his own body. He holds undefined emotions about non-conceivable subjects as the meaning of life and his claim of virtue. And he cries with despair, because he can feel nothing for the woman he respects, but finds himself in bondage to an irresistible passion for a slut from the gutter. He is the man whom people call an idealist. The other kind of half is the man whom people call practical, the man who despises principles, abstractions, art, philosophy and his own mind. He regards the acquisition of material objects as the only goal of existence– and he laughs at the need to consider their purpose or their source. He expects them to give him pleasure– and he wonders why the more he gets, the less he feels. He is the man who spends his time chasing women. Observe the triple fraud which he perpetrates upon himself. He will not acknowledge his need of self-esteem, since he scoffs at such a concept as moral values; yet he feels the profound self-contempt which comes from believing that he is a piece of meat. He will not acknowledge, but he knows that sex is the physical expression of a tribute to personal values. So he tries, by going through the motions of the effect, to acquire that which should have been the cause. He tries to gain a sense of his own value from the women who surrender to him– and he forgets that the women he picks have neither character nor judgment nor standard of value. he tells himself that all he’s after is physical pleasure– but observe that he tires of his woman in a week or a night, that he despises professional whores and that he loves to imagine he is seducing virtuous girls who make a great exception for his sake. It is the feeling of achievement that he seeks and never finds. What glory can there be in the conquest of a mindless body? Now that is your woman chaser. Does the description fit me?
Illustrator: Lucy Barnard
2010.09.16 Afghanistan Ghazni 5 2 Five employees of a security firm are brutally murdered in their office by Taliban fundamentalists.
PCC: Nope. No idea. Can you please give me some ideas, then write the entire post for me, while I receive all of the credit?
9. Hengilás – 4:15
If you'd like to sit in on the performance, please see Mr Calder or Mrs Stimson as soon as possible.
Lawyers then are an essential part of the legal profession and they cannot be dispensed with. They are of value to society but do not add value to society. We need them. Nevertheless there is a case that they, like all the rest of the law industry should be state owned. Clearly this has a significant number of downsides in terms of an even greater increase in bureaucracy and reduction in efficiency. Also the practicalities of doing it are not without problem. On the upside the benefit to society will be a reduction of legal costs, although lawyers as a group are likely to be less well remunerated. Gross industry fees are around £23 billion per annum which, to put it in perspective, is about the same size of the budget for all of Scotland. Slicing of the odd few billion should not be beyond the wit of man let alone sharp legal minds.
Another great trip in the books. We had some great feedback to our presentation and made some good connections. Even if this was my fourth time in NYC, I find New York is incredible for out-of-towners as there is so much to do and the energy is wicked. Especially if you stay in Times Square.
but next time will leave the aubergine out !
Make bird treats
active ingredient of anticancer drug Nexavar belonging to the class of tyrosine kinase inhibitors and has been granted Indian Patent No. 215758. There had been no pre-grant oppositions filed against Nexavar patent application and grant of patent was published on March 28, 2008 whereas one year window period for post-grant opposition ended on March 28, 2009. Sorafenib received marketing
I’m glad I’m not working the graveyard shift at Price Chopper or Walmart. I’m not making a cashier’s hourly wage in retail, or having to fake being nice on a bad day just to get my tips that I’d end up having to split anyway. I’m not serving people food or drink of any kind. I’m not working weekends or nights. I’m not doing a job that anyone off the street could walk in and do better than me if they really wanted to.
This, the feeling
Day 12
She tried to remember but the pain hindered her.
However, the “award” for the highest Affinity Ponzi scheme prosecution for the year goes to Minneapolis. Trevor Cook recently pleaded guilty to a U.S. District Judge that he had defrauded investors out of $190 million from an elaborate Ponzi scheme involving forex trading and the use of sponsorships from a Christian broadcasting radio host named Pat Kiley. Mr. Kiley’s radio program, “Follow the Money,” was carried on more than 200 radio stations. Cook promised “risk-less” forex accounts as the avenue to riches and claimed to have over $4 billion under management. A tearful Cook received a plea bargained sentence of 25 years in jail, but must assist the court in recovering whatever remaining assets can be found. A court-appointed receiver has already begun collecting assets and implementing an approved “clawback” process to reclaim any gains that other investors may have received. Cook’s wife is the first target.
The round is finish,
We plan on working on our tan
04. Fall On You
So, off to Jozi tomorrow and what with there only being 24hrs in the day and me being approximately 729 hours behind the Jozi Gym Schedule, I’m clearly going to be pushed for packing time tonight. Whilst I hear Jozi is doing its best Cape Town winter impression of just being generally shiyt in all aspects, I am also not surprised to hear that it’s fallen short of the Southern mark once more. Check out the SupeRugby log, boet.
This year budget is a no show budget. No major thing of interest except the spending of close to a billion tax payer money, providing buses for private enterprise. However, plus and minus a few months from the budget, we see a major repairs work went by, and going into. I call this, The Ultimate Repair, and if Saddam Hussien is around, he will brand it the Mother of all Repairs.
We're definitely going back. Have you done any traveling lately? Or have any trips coming up? Is there anywhere you're dying to go but haven't yet?
It means that, as controversial and rage-flaring as it is to say that people matter to me more than bumble bees or tree frogs or gorillas, I have to say it. It makes sense and it’s Biblical to be good caretakers of what we have been given. But the Bible says people have dominion over nature, and that means if my choice is to sanction industrialization in Africa so people can have safe drinking water and electricity . . or to subtly deny them their industrialization to try to reduce global warming . . . I’m going to pick A.
“W” – I just saw former president Bush snacking off the samples tray at Costco.
"Dad, cancel my allowance immediately, rent my room out,
On weeks like this, we don't get to spend a lot of time together. I've seen him only a few hours while he's been awake the last few days. But tonight was so much fun for me.
I still can’t sleep in spite of my good deed and when it’s time to get up, I’m like a dishrag. Limping to the window, I draw the blinds and there’s no sign of Jenny. She must’ve found refuge somewhere. When I get downstairs, there’s a parcel on the back porch. I peel back the brown paper and there’s my robe all fluffy and warm from the tumble dryer. There was no need to wash and return it so promptly. I find an envelope nestling by the collar and inside there’s a thank you note from Jenny. She’s signed her name in loopy handwriting and at the bottom, there’s a smiley face. Only this smiley face has a black eye. I wonder if it’s a coded message for help and I think about Jenny trapped in Herman’s executive home like a modern day Cinderella but without a prince in sight. I look again at the smiley face and decide it’s not a black eye just a blot from the ballpoint pen.
Afterward, Caroline tells Max she printed more business cards so they could hand them out at the Williamsburg crafts fair tomorrow. Sophie then comes in and tells the girls she has a cleaning job lined up for them the next day and Caroline tells her they can’t do it. Oleg comes out and he and Sophie then argue about their sex life. Max compares the conversation to a dirty Downton Abbey. At the fair, Caroline is having no success at marketing the cupcake business. A girl from a funnel cake booth nearby comes over to complain and Max tells her to “stick her finger in a dyke”. I know I should be used to the tasteless jokes in the show, but I’m still surprised every time they go for a homophobic joke. Sigh. After that altercation, Caroline thinks about scaring the customers into having their cupcakes, so Max finally decides to call Sophie so the duo can take the cleaning job.
Her special someone.........
When most think of the word “Budget” they have images of confinement and withdrawal from society. On the contrary, budgets are useful when getting yourself on track and securing your personal finances. If you want to get your financial house in order a budget is the way to go.
My daughter’s favorite activity is to dress up like a princess. This outfit as Princess Jasmine in the movie “Aladdin” is one of her favorite outfits at her French play school/day-care in South Jakarta. She’s finishing this play school this year and I’m sad to realize that she’s not going back to this baby school after this summer. It is a wonderful place. I absolutely love it because of the teacher and nannies as well as the parents. The people who surround you make difference in your life, don’t they? It’s even more so in a life overseas.
Governor of Lagos State and
Milk- 1/2 cup
That's what girls are made of
All that aside, it was phenomenal. The ruins are immense and majestic and everything you would think they would be. The ruins just blow your mind that they were built 1000 years ago (roughly the same time as Westminster abbey and places off that ilk)
but it didn't end there. a few seconds later, i felt a tug on my leg. the baby had toddled over. seeing how upset his siblings were, he began to cry in support. and so it went for about 10 minutes. tears and sobs punctuated with cries of "eggie! he's gone! eggie's gone!"
Anyway, today’s request had my sister’s approval, so I signed up. Immediately, I was invited to connect with 195 people in one of my email address books. Uh-oh. Should I do it? Should I do it? What would this mean? I didn’t even recognize half the names that popped up.
not mass produced messy * eclectic * sometimes too prissy
We reached Las Ramblas n while strolling, my sis (the 2 kids' mum) broke down, I guess it was just too much for her. She spent thousands of ringgit for the trip n unable to enjoy herself, the kids being kids whined and cried and she had to follow their schedule n I guess being harassed she couldn't be nice to us other adults n I couldn't take that sort of crap n we had a row the night before. Anyway after a while she calmed down and started to enjoy the place.
The lectures are all well structured – Mr. Lee’s presentations remind me of prof. Wisniewski’s style – a lecturer at my home university. They are easy to follow and provide a solid base of knowledge about Old English and Anglo-Saxon culture. A plus is, of course, Mr. Lee’s beautiful accent. Since I’m only a first-year, I’m not really an expert but I think he’s pretty close to RP (Received Pronunciation) – so by listening to the lectures you do not only learn about Anglo-Saxon but also improve your accent.
Cut a frame for your image using coordinating dies and patterned paper (or cardstock). The large scalloped circle is just bigger than the circle that I used for my image and acetate. The circle in the photo is one size smaller than the one that I used for my image.
1 cup good mayonnaise, approximately
Another former Muslim, writer Ibn Warraq, visited Denmark to launch his book Why I am not a Muslim. In an interview, Ibn Warraq stated that especially among the Left there is a post-colonial guilt complex that constitutes an almost insuperable obstacle to any criticism of Islam and Third World cultures. The Left have thus put their own, universal values aside in favor of a dangerous relativism. Ibn Warraq pointed out that more than fifty years after the West left its colonies in the Third World, Leftists are still blaming all the ills of Africa and the Middle East on the former colonial powers, while the same left-wingers only ten years after the fall of Communism blamed Russia’s troubles on unrestrained capitalism. “The Left refuses to seek answers elsewhere. At the same time they are, because of Marx, accustomed to look for economic explanations to everything. Consequently, they seek the explanation to Islamic terrorism in the economic situation. But it is a great mystery to me how 200 dead people in Madrid are supposed to help the poor in the Islamic world.”
Unlike the ASHAs who receive a performance-based incentive, the ANMs are given a monthly pay. However, there are times when these health workers do not get salaries for months together, Sahu admits.
“This isn’t about fundamental rights, Kayla.” Henderson said in defense of herself, but was stopped cold when Kayla looked at her–both her eyes and face showing a hint of madness.
The boys playing in the basement
The new Website will launch.....
Nonetheless, I'm glad Pepper comes home tonight.
*As a side note, I just want to point out that one of the children’s names in the list of Test Children is named ASPHYXIA.
The orange vendor says something and the forigner hears: "waeoirjawe;lajsdf;lkdseyo?"
Today I took some real photos of my Jung book. Here is a photo of the book open, the way it was meant to be displayed.
Hugh Laurie
Of what worth is a silent witness? It is serious thing in the courts of law. How much more is it in the Christian community? The reason you and I are saved is that someone witnessed for Christ. Now, one of the reasons for your salvation is to be an ambassador for Christ. An ambassador is vocal concerning his citizenship.
In this pic we rode an elevator to the top of an open silo. We could have climbed the stairs to the top! This is overlooking the harvest gardens. Looks like a quilt doesn't it! That is what they are trying to duplicate.
Ohoho, now this is funny. Wasn’t it like, one guy who did that?
Freckles: *League* Jen Freckles -Medium (Tattoo Layer)
But now they come back like a torrent of ignorance once more,
Jim DeSantis- MovieBrainRot
“Renewable Purchase Obligation means the requirement specified by the State Commissions under Clause (e) of Sub-section (1) of Section 86 of the Act for the obligated entity to purchase electricity from Renewable Energy sources.”
It was a Tuesday night and I was having a couple of beers with Paul near my place, a new guy I met through the world's friendliest planet, PlanetRomeo. When he excused himself to go to the restroom, I took the opportunity to text my friends to gossip about my "date".
HR objecting: That’s rather vague and abstract it’s not really
So what happens now? What happens to a generation living with the quiet and dreadful realisation that we might only be capable of buying a flat if our parents or grandparents die? A generation holding its breath when they see their fathers slip on ice, sliding more fried toast on to their mothers’ breakfast plate. The awful coming-to as they adjust their grandma’s three-bar fire. Will we be here hunched over our computers in 20 years’ time, addicted to the property porn that we’ll never be able to afford? These sites, their picture galleries of rubber-poured and parquet floors, of lightboxes for coffee tables, breakfast bars and double-height windows, inspiring in us a bleak sort of creative envy, and the growing acceptance that a home of our own may always be just out of our reach.
Oh yes, lots of rejection. I almost gave up at one point, but that was because I made the mistake of not moving on. I was so determined that the rejected book was the best I could do, and that I couldn’t put it to one side. I had a real struggle to give up that book and then write another, and another... until finally I wrote the one that attracted an agent.
improve blood pressure, increase energy levels and improved bone health just to
Page # Stamp Set
Hi everyone. I have not gone toooooo far. I've missed blogging these past two weeks. Trust, I've been in blogland -- visiting some of my favorites, like Under A Cherry Tree. Well, a few days ago, I came across one of Jin's fabulous tutorials on making some Christmas tags using Silhouette Studio and the Cameo.
In old Norrath, I had to explain, mobs were not so easily discouraged. A mob will follow you all the way to the end of the zone. And if it is an aggro mob, like the bandits, that werewolf, or Froon you might be making an unplanned run for the zone line if you got caught unaware.
“We were very surprised,” said Juan Escobar. “The power you could get from just peeling tape was enormous.” “If you’re going to peel tape in a vacuum, you should be extra careful,” he said. But “I will continue to use Scotch tape during my daily life, and I think it’s safe to do it in your office. No guarantees.” (link)
The kids ran around, painted and had a grand old time playing in the cardboard city! Such a great party!!
Two japanese students came and studied the whole mahabharata from him in sanskrit. They helped my guruji with the techniques and technology of recording his lessons for posterity.
No government official has been challenged to justify that timetable, though presumably the issue would be aired in a hearing.
That may be.
When it comes to a busy homeschooling life Skwirk has certainly helped in ensuring we are covering a wide variety of topics within a small amount of time.
When we recognize our place in an immensity of light-years
Mother: Pre…c…lla….uhhh(crying)….oohhh(crying)
over medium heat in a small frying pan heat the oil
We ended up unexpectedly at this spot having had a lovely lunch at the Pilot Inn, a pub dating back to 1801, a lone clump of small buildings clinging on in a no-man's land, despite the building of the O2 arena and the 'Millennium Village' around it. Despite this, it is a pub with a lovely feel, including an outside garden. My Greenwich-born and bred husband remembers uncles coming to drink here at 'their local' when it was still set in a light industrial area.
1. Dissolve coffee in the hot water.
Neglected a blog
1. Instrumental
Now, while picking achieve as my word does pertain to actually getting stuff done, the real crux of choosing this word was so that at then end of the year I didn't feel like I had let it slip by. Our time is finite, and I do need to take a more active role in my life. (Yesterday's shooting in AZ really sorta drives this point home for me.)
but I will still tell you one thing
I've finally got my head around this weeks challenge at Less is More.... a one layer card that must include doodling by your own fair hands... I think the gasp was heard all around the country on Saturday morning!!!
Westinghouse Electric and Manufacturing Building - The building is 25,200 square feet and its two great wings are 55 feet high. The great fountain in the center court, 120 feet high, plays a "synchronous symphony of color, sound and water."
And me… my heart continues to break for HSSH… and see how God keeps bringing up Psalms 37 like I said yesterday? Sunday in church we sang a hymn. I could not sing a word of it… the tears were too heavy on my heart…
Always looking for new places to sell, I came across a new online auction site. Take the auction bidding element like ebay, combining it with a live auction but do it online and you have a virtual auction site known as Tophatter Auction. On Tophatter you create an avatar figure to represent yourself in their virtual auction room. There is only a smidge of room for customizing your avatar but I guess something is better than nothing!
Small business
The problem with this idea, is that it was just an idea. I didn’t have a real coherent concept behind it, so while I could come up with a couple of cute quips, I was basically doing what I was criticizing. There wasn’t any real insight to what I was writing, so I was just super rambling and unfocused. It never really came together
- Make your way to the small wall near the bus. Approach the west side of the factory building.
with wholeness
Fly Home :(
As I was drooling all over my sweater while I looked out their living room window at the lake, she shared with us how they have a "Dock Crawl" where they do open houses at different times of the year and everyone has so much fun. (Be still my heart! It's Stars Hollow on the lake!)Summer time finds the lake filled with paddle boats and ducks out in the yard at the water's edge.
Here is our tree and decorations with all the excitement of great things to come!
my Pu-erh tea and dreams –
And then they start to trot out the charts and graphs… something CCP does better than any other game developer I have seen… to show what happened, culminating in the actual short-term impact on economic activity in Jita.
We bestow our respect and honor their memory, flesh of our flesh, bone of our bone.
I managed only 7 layouts which included a couple of photo swaps which I didnt take photos of !!!
And finally, without further delay, today's free printable...
If you have the time and the inclination, you can listen in on Ruger's Annual Meeting which is today and starts at 9am. I'm sure you will hear lots of cheers from shareholders. If I could have been in New Hampshire today, I would have been one of those cheering the loudest as the stock is trading near its all time high and the quarterly dividend just tripled.
When a chiropractor friend from California gave her some sourdough starter, my mom made sourdough for years. It’s still one of my favorite smells. At some point, the sourdough starter stopped starting, but she kept on making bread. Cinnamon raisin, multigrain, white, wheat, oatmeal…
I first heard the name John Demjanjuk in 1985 when Israel sought his extradition as a war criminal. Survivors of the Nazi holocaust had recognized Demjanjuk as Ivan the Terrible, an infamous prison guard who acted with singular cruelty against Jewish prisoners at Sobibor and Treblinka.
Jeff Andrews – I have had some amazing clients! Celebrity does not make them better though. The advantage is that people get to see the work. The process is really quite the same in that there is a client/designer trust that has to be developed early in the relationship. The collaborative process has always been a big part of work for me. I think there is some divine path that leads me to the people I am supposed to work with and learn from. I can’t say that there is a particular person I am dying to work with. I love the journey I am on and time will tell….
This morning, second period, with my principal in the room, I had each student and my principal write their name on a piece of paper. I turned the pieces upside down, shuffled them and then set them aside for a moment. Then, I told my students a few true stories. I told them stories of how I had come to find respect and trust in our learning space. I thanked my principal and asked her to step out. Then, slowly, with honesty and love, I drew one piece of paper at a time. Slow, as I read each name in turn, I thanked each student for the gifts they have offered me over the last 9 weeks. We cried. And we spent the rest of the day laughing, awash in tears, gratitude and reflection.
Anyway...she has a new book out and I just bought it today. I've thumbed through it and it looks great, although I wish there were more photos of her beautiful table settings and flower arrangements! The recipes look great though and I can't wait to try them out!
Rubber chicken's name? Rubbery.
Two posts in one day and the day is still young! LOL...
I took the image and did a transfer onto a vintage flashcard. I really love how cleanly it turned out. Then I got this crazy idea to see if the varitone ink would work on top of the transfer. For those of you who don't know what varitone ink it's an ink created by Coffee Break that turns brown when you heat it, so it looks burnt and distressed. The cool thing about it is once it's been heated, its permanent-so you don't have to worry about the color running or changing if you do something on top of it. What wound up happening was that the ink took to all the spots where the transfer tore, so that once I heated it, they turned a lovely distressed brown. I also sponged some around the outside of the image and heated it.
The two flourishes I used are by Die-namics(and they don't put names on the Packages, sorry can't write those here either.
But I also want to get to a broader subject: how the series seems to address real and abiding social problems, the most overriding of which is the conflict between middle-class morality and an Adam Smith style “the market takes care of us all” ideology. It’s surprisingly hefty for a period drama, and I get absorbed every single time.
as far as the eye can see
Day 19
Types of movements felt
“News of the death of the Coney Island Elephant, which occurred last night at 10:30 o’clock, will be received in Brooklyn as elsewhere with feelings of profound regret. He died as a hero, not exactly like the boy on the burning dock, but faithful to those who admire and loved him and anxious even in his last moments to contribute to their happiness. It was a singularly pathetic career full of promise at the start, but marred by the intervention of events over which there could be no control.
So many of the ancient philosophers lived by the creed, “It’s all relative.” Socrates, Plato, Aristides, you name the philosopher and he was certain to perpetuate it in some way. Such a philosophy has found its way into the Holy Scriptures, coming out of the mouths of characters like Pontius Pilate. The Lord declares Himself to be objective truth, only to have Pilate respond subjectively, “What is truth?” In other words, “It’s all relative”, or, “What is true for you may not necessarily be true for others.” Okay…
Bier Genuine Kooter
The world has been made so fragile and vulnerable. The role of the United Nations is increasingly vital. I wish you the best of luck in your noble mission. Please accept, Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon, the assurances of my highest consideration.
Design Resource
I cover my ears, but the insults keep coming.
Definitely bacon . . . . . . somewhere.
2. At least two or three more of Patrick O'Brian's books. So far, I've read through The Nutmeg of Consolation, so I still have a few more to go in his acclaimed Aubrey-Maturin series.
I really think everybody who wants to self-publish, unless you’re coming at the process with some solid experience (like, you were part of a creative writing program, or something of that nature – something that meant your writing was regularly and minutely critiqued), should blog before attempting to publish. And I mean, really blog. Like, for several months. And not on “safe” topics, either. But on topics that stretch your mind, and force you to look hard for ways to express yourself.
Don't get me wrong... I've always loved Christmas. It really is my favorite time of the year. But, I've been increasingly convicted over the last few years that our Christmas needs to be more about the baby in the manger and less about the baubles that our North American Christmas has become. We've made a few changes-some additions and subtractions over the last few years, but there are so many traditions related to our location and our relationships that I haven't really thought about, I've simply done them. I'm planning to put some real energy into re-thinking our "normal" before next year. I'm sure lots of the old favorites will stick, but there is definitely some revision to be made.
I picked up my pencil and began writing notes in my notebook. Glancing up at him through my eyelashes, I caught him watching me and I dropped my pencil in surprise. With a chuckle, he winked and returned his attention to his books.
I guess you could say I got flowers for Mother's Day... not to mention, my very own flower fairy! I am one lucky mama :)
Epic is a BIG word!
What you post - your words, your photos, your write up itself - could be copyrighted.
“They’re okay. A little wild today.”
Fooly Cooly is about a boy named Naota Nandaba, who is in a complex relationship with a high schooler, Mamimi Samejima, and a guitar-playing, Vespa-riding, alien-type pinkhead called Haruko Haruhara. This story is extremely wacky, obscene, and tasteless. Please enjoy.
As if being an avid Top 40 listener was not enough, I also recently started reading this:
“That’s an office cubicle. Believe it or not, people actually liked working in those.”
And here is the other set. I'm not sure if I'm going to keep both sets (because we definitely could use all 8) or give one set to someone for a present (another great reason to make these).
Abundant sunshine, fruit, vegetables; we need little else...Just enjoying being out in the garden making the most of it.
27 One Nation under Clod
Same as No.8, only make 5 loops, instead of 6.
Raquelle: How did Son of Harpo Marx Speaks! come together and why did you decide to write it?
There are things that I love about Shimer College. I love the books that we read. I love the rare discussion in which every student around the table is invested. I love the papers that I wish I could work on for months and turn into tomes because I am so passionate about the material. I love the facilitators who ask challenging questions and tease out the intricacies and the beautiful bits of texts that we might very easily miss if we were reading by ourselves. But there is so much that is missing from the experience as well.
p86 “…if the moon in fact serves to ‘measure’ time, if the moon’s phases – long before the solar year and far more concretely – reveal a unit of time (the month, the moon at the same time reveals the ‘eternal return’.”
‘These changes, if spatially large enough, may have noticeable impacts on local to regional weather and climate.’
The mayor and his entourage stormed down to Washington begging for aid for his beleagured city, to no avail. Fortunately, former mayor Philip Hone succeeded in persuading the state government to dole out millions in relief. Meanwhile, voters finally approved the construction of the aqueduct in 1836. Within the year New York experienced a burst of rapid reconstruction; the price of New York real estate post-fire soared to outlandish prices.
My other reason for keeping it at $.99 is that I’m finalizing plans right now to get some translations done of it (after I finish revising it), and I want to price the translated versions a little higher, yet still keep them low enough to be palatable (and foreign taxes and fees, as I was noting above, jack up the price of even a $.99 book). So a $.99 base price in the US gives me room to move on the foreign editions.
Leslie Marsh I love vintage and distressed materials, and I love repurposing bits and pieces into something appealing. I often see the world through a viewfinder, and I?m never sorry to have captured the wonders of my life in images.
So to today’s game at Carrow Road and what I guess, in terms of the league, is a dead rubber, although the owners of the respective sides will want to see progress up the table for financial reasons, places mean prizes! For us I guess there is the incentive of trying to overhaul Everton however since they overtook us we’ve, like the Panda’s in Edinburgh Zoo, shown no interest getting down to business! Is this likely to change with the FA Cup final a week away?
Former chairman and member of the bar council, Advocate Hilton Epstein, said: “I think we have a reputational crisis and the judiciary and all the judges have been held in the highest esteem in the country and now the judiciary is tainted by all this.
Have a non-deteriorating day!
And sacré bleu, I have sad news -- Hot Thing One and Hot Thing Two have moved away. My sorrow knows no limits. Who's going to be my eye candy at the preschool now? Oh....everybody else in the whole damn school, you say? Yep, that's a good point...true, true...
“They are nice to have because they show really well and will lure buyers in,” he explains. “But when buyers are assessing pros and cons of the home or comparing it to other homes, the upkeep — or safety, in the case of the pool — will factor in. Some people just may not want to sign up for having to do landscaping or pay the landscaper. So while a swimming pool or beautiful manicured lawn might reel in potential buyers, eventually those things could turn them off. Gardening and over-the-top landscaping is for a very specific buyer.”
Ben Wilson (Lib Dem) 58
As Moses supposes his toeses to be!
However, I think with all the changes, an indie author has to continue to take chances. I just signed a deal with Amazon Encore for some backlist titles and with their science fiction imprint, 47 North, for three future titles.
It’s a dark abyss or tunnel:
Garlic minced
"The city of Sialkot in Pakistan produces as many as 60 million hand-stitched footballs in a World Cup year. The firms here are running out of new workers since child labor was abolished. Western buyers may have a clear conscience, but the children of Sialkot now toil in the local brickworks instead."
Goodness, now there’s a can of beans I can’t cook in a one-hundred and forty character message. I’m an emotional freak and I love to really dwell in my feelings. They are my strongest tools, I think and after time, I have learned to use them in my work. I always manage to transform the pain and sadness into a poem. It was a way to achieve a certain kind of self-expression, so it was never really wasted, I guess.
And now I leave you with a picture of a happy 3 year old, chilling in his self made ball pit with some books and a puzzle:
I usually start contemplating the coming week about Wed or Thurs. First I ask: What do we have going on? And I plot it out in my grocery notebook:
The lineup of upcoming museum exhibitions and events include Fiona Gardner’s Miss Subways photography and ephemera exhibit, The Miss G Train Pageant, The Havemeyer Street Bake Off, return of the New York City firefighter auction and Patrick D’Emic’s Tammany Hall of Fame.
"The royal family is not willing to undertake its political responsibilities unless the prince ... has the necessary tools at his disposal," Alois said in a speech to parliament on March 1.
I never really noticed it back then, but when I watch these commercials now, Morris seems very gay to me. I don't mean sprightly gay.... I mean, Oscar Wilde gay.... if that makes sense.
but this year, it rained.
We feel as though we’ve come into full stride at this point. We are now able to see where we want to go from here and we’re feeling inspired and energized by the simplicity our lives have taken on. It’s becoming increasingly difficult to keep in touch with what we left behind. This concept has provided a lot of meaningful moments of reflection for me. I can’t speak on it yet, it’s new and in process, but soon I plan to reflect generously on it.
Thinking their health is safe
Removed her from within.
Sharing two of the rougher stories about coming up, falling down and rising again are two of New York's sharper up and comers...
Remember that better planning makes better babies!
So I have been walking nearly every day, and it would seem that this is not enough to remove the jelly from my belly. Which is why, after a couple of wines at the primary school trivia night a few weeks ago, I (rather aggressively) bid for a three month stint at boot camp. And won. (Do you remember I told you?? You didn't think I'd actually do it, did you??? I don't blame you...)
“Quite so,” Mr Marshall Marshall replied in his velvety tone, “not many are.”
I know that lots of you did...
Let me just say up front that I'm really glad we went. I took my boys, and we had a great time. Now that I've been there once though, there are a few things I learned and probably would have done differently. Our plan was first to go snowshoeing with the guys from my wardroom, and then head over to the tubing area, and it was a pretty good line-up of activities for our snow-fun day.
All of these are obviously distraction techniques to keep me from snacking, and not entirely practical. Maybe instead I should get some Sensa. I read about Sensa in the Parade Sunday paper insert, the same paper featuring those pictures of the Amish making heaters to sell at Sears. So, you know, it's a reputable source of information.
Thanks again to everyone that has participated in Project 2.
I just read a blog post in which the author talked about how homeschooling is a lifestyle – it’s not a curriculum or set of courses; it’s your whole life experience. That has definitely proven true for me. I love exploring and learning with my kids, and though I had to alter some of my own life plans to do it, I have no regrets.
Satin Safe, six minutes of noise that would be associated with Loop rather than Chapterhouse, saturated in feedback. Rain is a Beatles cover, if you think of the fab four on a delay and reverb overload, that is about the size of it. Feel the Same completes the EP and it brings the listener back to what are good at soft vocals and dynamic guitars. Towards the end of the track there is a bit too much of a wig out, the Marychain would of been proud of this one.
Dimensions : 198 x 117 x 9.8mm
That’s just one of many of MY faves, and I’m sure everyone can think of a few things that they’ve had to stop doing because Mummy or Daddy or your older sibling or older friends (or the friends your age who want to feel like they’re grown up) strong-armed you into placing on a shelf because “big boys/girls don’t do THAT”. Another quote from Bob here to describe them is “Stiff Necked Fools, You think you’re cool/ To deny me for simplicity”.
The second job that I've had that didn't felt like work was tending bar in San Francisco. I was blessed enough to have been involved with Bar Drake from its very first day in the Sir Francis Drake hotel, and discovered, with the help of the fabulous Diana Brent, that I had a taste for mad sciencery, patient conversation, and rhythm of tending bar. And you better believe if somebody doesn't tell their problems to their parents, lover, soul mate or dog, they'll tell their bartender. And being there for stranger when they need to say something to somebody, anybody - it's a blessed feeling.
I remember taking a parenting class when my daughter was five, and my son 18 months and the teacher asked the class what attributes we hoped our children would have when they left the home at 18. WOW, talk about planning ahead! She told us to go home and have our spouses fill out the paper as well, and compare. That was an interesting exercise, as many of our spouses had differing views regarding the top five attributes. Once we did that, however, she explained that is was OUR model and our planning that would help us to help them achieve these traits. For although they are born with inherent traits, many are fostered in the home or in the community and unless we planned, they could pick up other, less appealing ones from other sources. That was the first time I realized that I had that much influence over a human being!
Mix flour, baking powder, salt, malt powder, and cocoa together and set aside.
If you need a break for any reason whatsoever, there is no need to give up altogether. Simply pick up your book, start at the last lesson you learnt. If you feel you haven't mastered it, go back one more lesson, until you reach a lesson/ unit/ chapter that you are confident in. Redo the lessons that you had to move back on.
Finally got some sunlight; the past few days have been almost constant rain, until we are having some flooding in some areas of Utah. When the ground dries a bit over the next few days, I hope to get the garden ready. There are lots of perennial herbs that I have been able to use, and some of the greens, but it has been a bit chilly for stuff like tomatoes, peppers, and squash.
Good advice.
A review by federal bank regulators last year found that mortgage servicers “generally had sufficient documentation” to demonstrate authority to foreclose on homes.
This was my first A-Z challenge. I jumped right in with all 3 of my blogs. Random Ramblings didn't have a theme. I posted about totally random things that simply were interesting to me. The Life of Lisa was all health & weight loss-related. A lot of my topics were easy to come up with and others changed as I did research and found something better.
He mentioned something about giving me a massage once we got home to make it all go away. I told him honestly that thinking about him touching me like that right now was making me a bit disgusted. I told him that I am sorry that I feel that way right now, and that I really don’t want to hurt his feelings. He said that he has no right to get upset, and that I am entitled to my feelings. He said that he can’t argue because it is true – what he did was disgusting. I said just because something is true doesn’t mean he can’t be hurt by it, and that he could also have some feelings. He admitted that he was sad that he did something like that to me.
The Encyclopedia Britannica notes that the Boers of the eastern frontier did not own slaves.
Cottonwood Endo IPA
Status and Submission Common. Year-round: deciduous and combined woods, clearings, and surrounding suburbs, and city areas. Happens in the Appalachians at greater levels than the Carolina. Fall & winter: makes infrequent irruptions southern, usually not far into the Carolina’s vary, but satisfied to southeastern Mo, southern The state of kentucky, southern Va, Doctor, more extremely as far southern as Az, Ok, and Tx.
I am hearing...Just the laptop keys as I type.
11 a Yoga by CORA DANCE
THE LAST VOORD!
Second day of Fashion Week and we didn’t really have a plan set out as to what shows we were going to go see, come to think of it we don’t even have a plan for the rest of the week. Talulah was the longest show so far which meant my arms were pretty much about to drop off by the end of it. Even with my monopod, holding your arms up to the camera and what not is hard work, gotta think of the positives…c’mon sculpted biceps. Good to see some wardrobe malfunctions too, which makes it two out of two days. Talulah featured Gary Pepper Vintage model Nicole Warne, who was the first model to start the show and looked awesome as usual. Happy to see and meet so many other bloggers and people who are are enjoying them selves at fashion week.
The 20th Connecticut at Gettysburg ~ Cheshire Historical Society, Cheshire, CT ~ April 23
JAWS is still running their Confess Your Mess contest where you have an opportunity to win help from a professional organizer, plus a whole house cleaning. This has a value of $5,000! Daily winners will also be chosen Monday through Friday to win a JAWS Home Cleaning Kit! Be sure to stop over and enter this contest, going on through May 31.
I'm so excited to have him grow up with all this stuff that I've picked out just for him.
And what does it mean when people who interact with Dr Pearl report a sudden ability to access this healing energy not just for themselves but for others too?
The water felt so calming. It was where I belonged. Shortly after getting in my doula arrived and from that point I felt completely taken care of. I felt like the birthing part was my job and the job of everyone else was making sure I didn't want for anything during the birth. My mother made sure the boys didn't get too loud. My doula got me whatever I needed, my midwives were really just there. They rubbed my back a few times, listened in on the baby a few times, but mostly we all chatted when I wanted to chat and everyone was extremely quiet when they sensed I needed it and they had great senses. As it got darker, candles were light to keep the lighting dim and my rushes got stronger and closer together still, but again, I can never say it was painful. I did feel like my whole body was electrified. My senses were heightened. Everything felt hyper-real!
trinidad postage circa 1900
Throughout the country, there are hundreds of thousands of these public telephones for your convenience.
Looking across these groups (and imagining that there are more that I haven’t identified here) I can’t imagine that one strategy fits all. My hunch is that the SBNI are the ones who are most willing to have contact with a religious community or who would be most open to having a friend invite them to a religious “thing.” But trying to appeal to the SBNB the same way as the SBNI doesn’t strike me as likely to be effective…
have your own jobs
We knew nothing of boys–there were three girls in my family and John is an only child–and Jake was a challenge. He was a good baby and a sweet child, but he started breaking things at eight months old and never stopped. Teddy arrived only a year later–poor Jake was the baby of the family for only a short time–and they became partners in crime, but Jake was the definite leader as they drove my car into the side of the garage, kidnapped the neighbors kittens, and ran away to “look at Chapman Highway.”
Do you have any tips, suggestions, and/or blackmail-quality karaoke videos? Get in on the action by following @stella_meimei on Twitter, or leave a comment below!
But, “We remain cautious about pronouncing a turnaround until we observe a couple more quarters of improvement,” said Reis. “As we have observed in the recent past, two consecutive quarters of improvement are not necessarily the beginning of a trend and are insufficient to declare that a recovery is underway.”
Offal. Hmm…a little foray into denotation and connotation is in order. According to the Meriam-Webster dictionary, offal is “the waste or by-product of a process, esp. the viscera and trimmings of a butchered animal removed in dressing.” That would sound an “awful” like what goes into scrapple or hotdogs. According to our in-house haggis researcher John, the MacSween company would probably narrow that down to organ meats such as heart, liver, and lungs. Americans throw that stuff away, but the rest of the world does eat it. Anything that sounds that awful and is pronounced as such gets a bit of a negative connotation on this side of the Pond.
“Arrived in Portsmouth, Shardlake and Barak find themselves in a city preparing to become a battle zone. The mysteries surrounding the seemingly normal Hobbey family nineteen years before, involved Shardlake in reunions both with an old friend and an old enemy close to the throne. Events will converge on board one of the king’s great warships, gathered in Portsmouth harbour, waiting to sail out and confront the approaching French fleet…”
Hello again, my friends! We are back from London, and I am bursting with stories to tell and pictures to post in the coming days. First, I need to unpack, do laundry, catch up on emails and phone calls, and do all the other nonsense one does after a week away. In the meantime, I just had to share with you these spring flowers from a beautiful street stall in Greenwich. One of the things I love most about traveling ever since I started The Magpie's Fancy is that I often take photos and collect memories with you in mind. It sharpens my eye and broadens my perspective, which is, I do believe, a good thing.
Thank you to all who participated! The list of underappreciated YA books nominated is listed below. But don't forget to vote in the sidebar!
During fair time, Craft said he can draw from nearly 433 officers from 33 agencies in the region to help his police force patrol the grounds during the State Fair’s 19-day run. The GPS monitoring will occur in the background, with a parole agent able to respond in minutes if a GPS-wearing parolee comes on the fairgrounds.
He is also starting to string together two-word phrases like "bye bye mama," "dada's milk," "Bubba's shoes," and "blue star."
Much has been written about Lincoln’s time in office, possibly more so than any other president in our history. But probably the most debated moment of his presidency was when he issued the Emancipation Proclamation in September of 1862, stating that all slaves in those states still in rebellion were to be free as of January 1st, 1863. This document gave the United States a dual purpose in the war: preserve the Union, and free the slaves. But the question is why Lincoln chose to do this? He had already stated that freeing the slaves was not his intent as President. Why did he change his mind on the subject? Some argue that his sole purpose of making emancipation a war aim was to rob the South of its manpower, since the majority of fortifications and such were built by slave labor. To rob the South of their major work force would cripple them economically. And by making emancipation a war aim, it would also keep European interests out of the war.
Some people say a woman is Christian because her father is Christian, while she does not believe in any religion whatsoever. She doesn’t believe in God, in the prophet, in Judgment Day, in any values, or in worshipping God. Such a woman is not Christian, even if she is regarded as Christian. We have to make sure that she’s really of the People of the Book.
Gosh. Trial by jury? Right to a speedy trial? Right to reasonable bail? Now these are really going to tax (hah!) your ability to define products we need to buy. But as I said before, I have confidence in you and your fellow senators ability to find ways to meddle.
Another fellow from a taprooom but this time one of the brewers from Numazu.
Energy is the lifeblood of the mighty U.S. economy, and it ought to surprise no one that America's enemies know this. One way to neutralize the U.S. is to hurt its ability to produce its own energy.
The first U.S. Ambassador to the Vatican was William Wilson, a Knight of Malta. His appointment was probably illegal and, for a fact, was highly unethical. Wilson could not possibly have represented the U.S. when his allegiance was sworn to the Pope.
The company’s primary goal with the service is still to convert more free users into paying customers, which according to Bloomberg numbers to only 3 million out of their 10 million users worldwide. But their free user base is still dwarfed by Pandora’s 150 million users.
I know that I've been a bad bad blogger and haven't checked in with you in over two weeks. Apologies. I spent a week in NYC presenting my new collection to over 250 magazine editors and stylists at Red Light PR's Press Preview then I spent a week following up with them. That didn't leave much time in the day for too much else. Here are some pics from the trip:
The show will air on TLC next year :)
Power Points: 2
I posted a status on Facebook about April Fool's Day and how the expression Op een april verloor Alva zijn bril.
A tingling sensation ran through his spine.
Happy Earth Day (also my husband's birthday)!
The place had stood quite happily for over seven hundred years (it was already old when the checkerboard façade was added) when some dickwad of a Victorian decided to suck up to the mayor by adding a clock tower in his honour.
3. A screaming comes across the sky. —Thomas Pynchon, Gravity's Rainbow (1973)
Having driven twice round the wrong zone industriel, I asked for directions and eventually found my way, over the dual carriageway and onto another zone, to the unmistakable blue building with its giant yellow letters (which stand for Ingvar Kamprad Elmtaryd Agunnaryd, the name of the founder, his farm and area of Sweden where he came from, now you know!). I parked the car and headed to the entrance where my friends were waiting for me with smiles and compassion, even though I was the one who was 45 minutes late. They let me rant as they whisked me straight upstairs to the cafeteria for lunch; we stood in line and looked at all the various salads and options on offer, but we all knew what we were going to have......Swedish meatballs of course! Luckily, this being France, they also served wine by the glass, which I was in dire need of to calm my rattled nerves!
Now that it looks like I am treating the alcohol problem successfully with Baclofen my future looks 100% times brighter. With my desire to drink eliminated, I shouldn’t fall into the same pattern of getting drunk with new colleagues.
For the first time in my adulthood, I have finally accepted myself. I was freakin’ born this way and I’m awesome.
Leaning her head against the high vinyl seatback, she avoided his smiling eyes. “More like impossible, so don’t bother trying.”
Regarding racism, I just looked at the online version Encyclopedia of Social Work. My simple search for “racism” didn’t turn up an entry on that topic. I thought you might have a specific reference you could point me toward, given that your definition seems to be an exception to general usage. I hope you’re not telling me that I have to read a book to understand your mark on my paper.
Held captive
To borrow a phrase from the late, great Ed Anger, I’m pig-biting mad about this!
P.S. DD's sling is off and her arm has healed. Yay. She is now going 100 miles per hour catching up on what she missed out on for 3 weeks.
Worship has nothing to do with styles or with sounds, it has everything to do with the condition of your heart and which direction your focusing your energy and love.
(Cynical response arriving in 3,2,1…)
a stitched angel that I will share on my red blog ...
She doesn’t look old enough to leave school; his cheeks are smooth. But they have this baby between them, which he’s struggling to feed, tilting the bottle the wrong way. ‘No, not like that,’ she says and he looks stressed, letting the baby’s head loll from his wrist, swallowing air. A sharp cry. The girl reaches across the table, more expert, holding the infant like a doll, its small face contorted with rage.
Before I moved to Cleveland, anyone that I spoke to in Columbus had nothing but bad things to say about Cleveland. I had heard the horror stories about how slummy everything looked. I had heard friends who had grown up in Cleveland tell me that the crime was so bad you didn’t dare stop at a red light for fear of being car jacked.
The chief negative for The Citadel was that Samford dominated the offensive glass, particularly in the first half, when it had an offensive rebound rate of almost 60%. The cadets should have led at halftime by about fifteen points, but had to settle for a seven-point edge.
CHAPTER IV THE PSYCHOLOGY OF PUBLIC RELATIONS
Yield: 40 dumplings
Today we finalize the adoption..
Road Rage is a serious disease and I have a case of it, I am okay with that. But please be aware drivers on the road with me there are two things you should always remember. A) It is by the grace of God that I am not able to carry a gun in the car and 2) When I give you the death stare I am really truly in my head wishing that awful terrible things will happen to you :)
Here are some pics from the chapter:
trees, extensive areas in Asia, Australia, South
Of course, I've been concentrating on some of the crime fiction-related sessions, and authors - but I've been so impressed by everything at the festival. Something that will stay with me for a long time is the excitement and exuberance of the many kids who have been attending - meeting authors like Oliver Jeffers, Eoin Colfer, and Emily Rodda (pictured above with me, and her recent crime novel LOVE, HONOUR, AND O'BRIEN - written under her real name Jennifer Rowe - after her extremely popular session with Eoin Colfer on Friday evening). It's great to see so many young people really excited about books and reading. And some of the authors have definitely been treated like rock stars by their young fans. How awesome is that?
At loose ends on many days, I spent time trying to revive the faltering redbud, watering it nearly every day and fertilizing it at intervals. It produced some leaves, and I was encouraged to hope for it.
Read about the consequences God instituted in Deuteronomy 28. Here are some of the points:
Pose & Prop: Gift Rainbow – Eternal Dream Poses Pose Fair Free Gift
Supplies I used to make this project:
In Israel Bio-Engineering Project v. Amgen, Inc., et al. (January 26, 2007), the Federal Circuit affirmed that IBEP lacked standing to bring the suit because it did not have sole ownership of the patent:
And God help us all, it's everywhere there is any patriarchy left at all.
Birth Certificate blanks filled in.
that i wanted to make a fun slip cover for it.
Seriously, it’s better today. Today it feels like perhaps moving on isn’t impossible. Of course, self disillusionment is my favorite past time. So, yay you guys! No whining about TSO! YAY
Level 8: MP Cost: 55, Damage: 214%, Attacks up to 6 enemies 6 times, 18% chance to stun the enemy for 4 seconds.
Another poem also from TS Eliot’s Four Quartet. This excerpt is the first of the quartet Burnt Norton.
Stars, twinkling smiles, any flash can switch us
In my defense (and I don’t have much to go on here…lol) I had literally just gotten out of rehab. I was a nervous wreck to begin with before I even got into my car that night. I was due to snap about something. It was inevitable. But it’s not all my fault… OK…well it is my fault I mean…but I had been on those fucking pills every single minute of every day for two years. That’s not even counting the many other years of heavy recreational use of other party drugs. I was fucked up. Just because I went into rehab and was technically “clean” doesn’t mean I was fully back to normal by any means. In fact I wasn’t even close. That would take some time. My mind was still definitely all over the fucking place…clearly.
“Aaah, thank god for that!” This was a new voice – disconcertingly familiar.
We spend so much time as writers trying to craft the perfect story, trying to mold it to fit an editor or agent's preference. We try to write their kind of story. Why? We need to be more like Kid C and write the kind of book that will make us say, "Very nice!" That enthusiasm will show in our words, and then someone else might just say the same thing.
“Wouldn’t be nothin’ better,” Hood agreed. “Get cleaned up. Get some rest. Pick your crew, but leave us with some good men, and then map out your plan. Meet me back here tomorrow at 1400 to give me the once-over.”
Until, that is, we reached the finale of that piece, in which an inebriated Munnings launched a public tirade against modern art in general and Picasso in particular. Not for the only time in the programme, the excellent archive footage and recordings had more allure than the art. 'In Search of England' was the title of a book by bestselling interwar travel writer HV Morton (whose 'In Search of London' is still in print and one of the best books EVER on the city), and in the programme Dr Fox used the documentary-travelogue form to great effect.
So don't go to tastings and ask the wine rep there if they're rated. Taste the wine, close your eyes, let it sit on your tongue while you breathe over it, let all the long-chain molecules waft through your sinus passages and over your palate, and either swallow or spit, your choice. But make your own decision.
At last, I presented my Java project in class. It was a joyous event where I got to feel smarter than everyone else for a brief period of time. My teacher was most impressed by my programming skills and even more by my deep and archaic knowledge of elementary level grammar.
Thank you again, Laura, you're right, us newbies have to stick together. She has a great site full of fun vintagey crafts, amazing furniture makeovers, and more. Just the name of her blog Our Prairie Home makes me want to visit. :)
I have been asked if I enjoy the “gotcha” moments when I catch citizens in blatant lies while they contest their parking tickets. The truth is that I do not; in fact, it makes me a bit sad. I wonder what has happened to them in their life that they have such little regard for the truth or the law that they would lie, under oath, just to get out of a sixty-dollar (or thereabouts) parking fine. Sure, it makes good fodder for this blog, and I do have real contempt for those who lie after swearing to tell the truth, but I always come away feeling a little bad for the citizen. This next case was no different.
Barnes, a Sabah lawyer, was believed to be acting as a nominee for Musa Aman. The information on his key account relating to the Chief Minister, UBS A/C231117, forms part of a flow chart analysis, compiled by ICAC investigators, who were tracing the money flowing in and out of the Hong Kong bank accounts controlled by one of Musa’s other known side-kicks, Michael Chia (Chia Tien Foh).
But even that would do.
"In 1997 when my Dad was dying of cancer, Dr Hindman told him to not worry about my Mom, that he would watch over her and make sure she was OK. He fulfilled that promise. . . . Dr Hindman was a man of good character and went out of his way for many people."
Prequel to Cannes
Regan, walked by with a pile of tablecloths and his eyes followed her hips as she sauntered by. He sighed. It just wasn’t ever going to work and he was going to be forced to exist in his brother’s shadow forever.
Obama: There is no doubt that Obama like Carter inherited a recession, however, it is equally apparent that both leaders made their situations much worse by their actions and inaction.
Thank you all for your love and support.
When she finished, she picked his head up and smiled at him again. “Now, I don’t know if you have children of your own young man, but if you do, anytime they need you, just remember that song.”
The enemy has killed your brothers –
Ideas only have value if they are filling a need or solving a problem for somebody. Knowing what this problem is, and who stands to benefit from your idea is vital to being able to implement your ideas successfully. Building on some of the success criteria we identified in part 2, here is an update list of benefits along with the problems they will be solving and the customers or users affected:
It’s so strange, to think of all the things we did together all the things he taught me, I guess I just always thought hed always be there. Always a call away with some great idea or funny joke to make the world seem more bearable..
For some that is difficult and a stool and tray is placed for their pleasure.
Give me the strength to do everything that I have to do
So now that the end is no longer a wall of no, but a window, I have no excuse not to go.
Last night, I was walking through Kohls and a pretty dress caught my eye. Its colorful print attracted me like a moth. I circled around it, then decided I had to go back and look. The closer I got, the more I liked the dress.
updates:
So, a few awesome people already know this (probably the same few who read this blog), but last semester I did a graduate research project on Outfit of the Day bloggers. Now it looks like I may write my thesis for my Sociology M.A. on OOTD blogs. In the interest of full disclosure, I comment and subscribe to blog feeds both because I find them interesting and because I'm researching. In ethnographic terms I am doing participant observation. I just want you to know that, because I'm not trying to be some kind of sneakypants.
Yes, please.
Fourth, Rick Santorum is a likable guy and I agree with him on much of his social conservatism. I think that it’s important that we rediscover the meaning of the family and that it’s the most basic building block of our society. There is no way to escape that, and I respect him for coming out and saying that. On the other hand, he’s an earmark king and do not believe he can hold his lead at the top of the “Not Mitt Romney” party. I think his decline is imminent.
Without warning, the students found piles of orange-colored fries on their trays as they shuffled through the lunch line. A few of my kindergarten students mentioned that they didn't like or weren't sure of the new-to-them fries as we sat down, but I encouraged them all to "just eat 2" of them. That is my policy with any of the younger classes; I tell them that they don't have to like everything, but they do need to try 2 bites. 2 bites of green beans; 2 bites of stromboli; 2 bites of sweet potato fries. We joke that 2 bites won't kill them, and they might even like it after they try it. I told them that I *loved* sweet potato fries and that they were loaded with good things that gave their brains energy for the work we would do in the afternoon.
The instructions are to say these words:
Dr. Burke then shows Helen a security tape, showing the night she was admitted to the psych ward. When they get to the part where Candyman was floating above Helen, she can clearly see that there was nothing above her. She watches the tape in disbelief.
Displayed in six or seven flowered dishes
Hard hitting mentions, of you in passing.
Despite the trail’s name, I didn’t see any osprey. But I have every reason to believe they frequent the area and that on future visits I might be lucky enough to see one. But the Osprey Trail, a 3.2-mile trail along the south shore of Lake Townsend between Church and Yanceyville streets, has plenty of wildlife and other attractions to recommend it for a day hike. Here are a few highlights of the trail:
A: See my sidebar for the folks I use to make my cover art and format my ebooks and print books.
29. Paint cabinets in dining room (FREE)
Employee
Don't give up the fight
Hope you will find some time to join in this week's challenge. There are some lovely prizes waiting for you, who knows, you may be the lucky winner:)
The task is not simply to go in for ever more activism as if that alone could achieve a full, successful social revolution. Theory is a rigorous as well as creative activity that cannot be picked up “en route.” It gives action its direction. Each age must work out for itself the principles of Marx’s Humanism.
But, gastric bypass surgery is no joke, my friends. It's fucking serious and would mean things like...no NSAIDS (non-steriodal anti-inflammatories). I'm on high doses of them, just like everyone else with arthritis. But because they are so stomach damaging, and gastric bypass gives you such a tiny little stomach, they are no-nos.
NOTE: This is the fifth in my series of Netflix Challenge posts, in which you the reader challenge me the reviewer to watch the absolute worst pieces of cinematic garbage that Netflix has available to Watch Instantly. Today's film was forced upon me by TimTE01 of Mondo Bizarro. If you would like to learn more about the Netflix Challenge, or better yet, suggest a title yourself (my queue is looking pretty slim!), then just click here.
Why can I never seem to pick one of you guys that is good? I never get a ripe one, I follow all the rules, and still when I open you, you are usually bad. What gives?!
"Have you written about your grandkids?"
I’d glance
10 - Ancient Rites - (Ode to Ancient) Europa
Thanks for all the encouragement and kind words over the last year.
Growing up, mum always encouraged us to do what we were passionate about and never judged us. She is a firm believer in the fact that we have to live our own lives and she can guide and provide support but will never try to own us which I will be forever grateful for. As a result, she has four kids that are all passionate contributors to the planet as we all love what we are doing and are happy.
Where we live, in Southwestern Ohio, one of the most haunted cities in the area is Cincinnati, Ohio. Here’s a sampling of some haunted spots in that fair city.
Good morning guys, hope everyone is well in blogland. It is Saturday and that means we have a new challenge. This week we want you to use......
And it is.
count 'em, four special beers brewed for SF Beer Week left over. Having missed most of SF Beer Week due to work and family committments, I was glad to sample some of these beers before they were gone for good. By far the most impressive of the bunch was Kaleidoscope, and beer that defies conventional description.
1 decomposed
The light from a slanted light box is designed to focus on the table it sits upon, so patients may look down to read or do other sedentary activities during therapy. Patients using an upright light box must face the light source, and should glance toward the light source occasionally without staring directly into the light.
All in all, a kind of creepy, slightly comical, entertaining read from cover to cover. It reminded me of why I've always been partial to Neil and his storytelling.
“Sometimes there are no second chances; so forgive the past, remember the present and prepare for the future. It’s the only life you’re given.”
As a result, members of the gang were allowed to continue their abuse.
Thanks to all who stopped by and offered their opinions, or those who just read in silence. There have been testy debates and moments of enlightenment for blogger and commenters. Which is exactly what I wanted. So again, thanks.
Those in attendance got a chance to prove themselves behind a microphone and also in the ring. The trainees practiced in the ring with Johnny Courageous while those with more experience under their belt had full-fledged matches with the likes of Courageous, Brandon Espinosa, and Sean Vincent.
Sharon at RSMobley Designs has brand new border strips in this months MAY grab bag too that would be amazing. here
It seems that Simon Yam is chasing down Nick Cheung with his whole army back there! Simon Yam whos hunger for the truth, would he found out the truth from this case? Would Nick Cheung flee safety without hunting down by these Inspector? This movie is one of the good movie I had watch, way more better some ghost story or vampire movie produce by Hong Kong. This movie deserve a 6.5/10 rating from me, which is watchable. Remember watch the whole story, or else you wont know what happen at the ending of the story.
Another form of therapeutic exercise is t’ai chi, in which the person moves through a series of 30–64 movements that require a relaxed body and correct rhythmic breathing. Many Chinese practice t’ai chi as a form of preventive medicine.
13 Pinball Wizard (3:13)
I've been working on finding people from the 1940 census and I'll admit that I relied on memory for one thing and now I wish I had not because I was wrong. For some reason, when I was making my 1940 list, I got it in my head that my wife's great-grandfather had died and his wife had married her second husband by 1940. In doublechecking the spelling of the second husband's last name (Fluegel), I realized that husband number one died in 1941, which means I should be looking for her with him (and his last name) in 1940.
I'm not going to lie, sometimes I walk over to the kitchen and open up the cabinet and just stare... and smile. That's what organization should feel like, right? Well, let's just say I'm certainly inspired to continue the label love throughout my entire home...
Thank God for this business that we have.
I did this 5k in 24:21, still longer than any of my times in the summer, but I’m ok with it, winter running is a work in progress and I’m just happy to be seeing that progress. I’m quite happy to have my time down 2 1/2 minutes from the first measured run, and at least in a comparable realm as the summer runs. If I can have a winter run time even close to my summer times, then this summer meeting that 20 minutes 5k goal should prove quite plausible.
FRESHLY BAKED BREADS:
Yana: A hermit? With friends?
Chicky chose to go the shameless product placement route with her explanation of the science behind the sweat. Strong enough for a man, but made for a woman during the "K9 days" of summer. I did like the "pheromone blast" imagery - and I'll stop right there.
1/2 medium red onion, chopped
Romney, who arrives in Puerto Rico Friday, March 16, was forced to spend two days privately courting donors in the New York area.
I started with the following materials:
Here two student projects:
I have this in 001 Black and it is a nice deep black formula. As if you couldn’t see that well enough on my lashes you can definitely see it on the surrounding skin... I am a disaster at applying this.
Social Security is slated to run out of money in 2033, three years earlier than expected. So maybe it's time for politicians to stop pandering when it comes to shoring up the system and instead rethink the retirement entitlement altogether. Maybe we just need to look back at our history. In the early 1900s, nearly 80 percent of Americans over the age of 65 had a job. Dora Costa, an economic historian at UCLA, says people stopped working only if they were no longer physically able to. They expected to work as long as they lived. Is that really such a terrible idea?
If you give the glass a bit of a swirl and get some foam forming you get a decent aroma of all sorts of stuff going on; chocolate, honey, burnt toast, sticky resinous hops, roasted malt and raisins. If you let it settle down a bit you start to get more of, an almost smoky, woody aroma - just enough to give an essence of a Rauch Beer.
Here are just a few of ours. Think you know whose is whose? Maybe for some, but I bet you'd be surprised by at least a few!
“We are still meeting on the issue(whether to press for NSA’s sacking), but I can tell you that majority of our members want the man out of office.”
She was tired and hungry, her emotions a lot more tender and erratic than normal. Falling to her knees when she could no longer run, Addison laid down in the wet grass, the prickly blades stinging her warm cheeks. Her heart pounded in her chest, Addison feeling every beat as it pulsed through her body.
Condi's final year was one of withdrawal and repetition. She was officially in re-runs. The word "Annapolis" popped up like a sad jack-in-the-box throughout every speech and interview she was to give right up until the very end. Maybe La Rice's career at the Department of State amounted to more than a string of failures and disappointments punctuated by countless inane photo-ops and vapid media puff-pieces, but if it did, I didn't notice. I liked it just fine!
On this day in 1982 the joke/smiley face emoticon is born.
Remove leaves and trim stem end of cauliflower, leaving core intact. Place cauliflower core side down on a work surface. Using a large knife, slice cauliflower into four 1/2" "steaks" from center of cauliflower (some florets will break loose; reserve). Finely chop enough loose florets to measure 1/2 cup. Transfer chopped florets to a small bowl and mix with olives, sun dried tomatoes, 1 tablespoon oil, parsley, and lemon juice. Season relish with salt and pepper.
We didn’t like Less Than Zero as much as Rules Of Attraction or American Psycho. It had all the nihilism, and only a little bit of the fun. At least there were big, trippy parties in Less Than Zero. In The Informers, we pretty much only get the bad / non-fun / nihilism side. Oh, there’s some sex. But nobody in this movie seems to really be having fun. We’re presented with a conflict for 1.5 hrs, and there is never really a solution. Things just get worse.
One day while driving to a restaurant five minutes from our home, my husband listened along with me. And in that short time, he was enthralled.
Carol took a nap, and Paul and I hung. I designed for a while, and he and I did some chores and shared some caramel corn with Boxer. Shhh, don't tell! I took down the Christmas ornaments and put up the Easter decorations. I'll take a picture tomorrow if I remember :)
My favorite classical role is Princess Florine in Sleeping Beauty, also with AjkunBT. I have always been attracted to fairy roles; it is why I was first drawn to ballet. In Sleeping Beauty, Florine’s prince is turned into a bluebird. Because of the beautiful choreography, I was able to dance with lyrical movements, like a bird.
now I have to go back and get some more.
We can have a browse, take in spot of lunch,
In light of all what we have for our view of the Kurdish issue, we can not, in any case to exceed the ceiling provided for being exceeded all limits, and taking the Kurdish components of the situation, and work to attract the energies of other Kurdish present in the scene.
Peaches & Herb – Shake Your Groove Thing
My first thought was, “Ouch! That was a little hard for greeting an old friend!” He had smacked the lady’s arm with the book as she was in the middle of un-zipping his mom’s backpack.
Sophia is main person. She really love Fabio, who is famous actor. She got chance to co-star with Fabio in the film as an extra. She felt very happy! She had lots of hope and passionate love to Fabio.
N34,406,400,000 (30.72%)
“So what’s your favourite Malaysian dish?”
2. Comments. How do I feel about comments? Share away. Occasionally I will be posing questions in my posts in the off chance you may know more than I do. Gasp.
...is still something. When I was getting the picture ready for yesterdays post I did a little something else to it.
Sometimes I pretend to be just a girl. With just a smile and just a face and a mouth that opens wide and beckons with white teeth and curling lips. But it does no good. Everyone knows. Everyone knows I have a basket of dreams and thoughts that do not belong to this world.
As always you may find my soap at my website or Etsy shop
Lexicon word of the day: iniquity.
And to play Jack Reacher, nearly 60% of the votes were cast for Hugh Jackman. Pierce Brosnan got the big goose egg in this category, but hey, at least Nicole Kidman got a couple of votes to take the role from Tom Cruise!
The gunslinger swallowed hard and said, "No sir. . . But. . . I've always wanted to."
Clench played on 1978's Street Action and 1979's Rock N' Roll Nights with BTO before the group disbanded.
“No, no,” she said, “the bugs that are in things like shit. The bacteria can get into your body and cause all sorts of ailments.”
Most classes were challenging, each in their own ways. But, with each class, I did what I needed to do to get the best grade I could.
I wasn't pushing myself as hard as I could. I was pushing myself. And it was difficult. But it wasn't awful. My lungs were struggling, and I spent a lot of my recovery laps coughing up gross shit. But when I was actually sprinting (well, running fast, I wasn't sprinting) it felt good. Slightly uncomfortable, but maintainable. Which was nice. Satisfying.
Whoa. I really don't remember such a high percentage of Forties Club inductees in a contest! I also don't remember so many super high scores. I think that overall, this contest had the STRONGEST WRITING of my (now) fourteen contests!! EVERYONE has reason to feel proud.
Puss in Boots
When writing the report be specific about why you did or didn’t like what you read as well as what you did and didn’t like, and don’t be kind. In other words, we want the honest and blunt truth (the author will not see this). Occasionally you may have trouble discerning why exactly you just weren’t excited about the read, but do your best to ferret out the reason. Warning: be careful that your report is objective and not too personal. Being uncomfortable with the level of sexuality in an erotic romance, for example, is not telling me whether or not the book is publishable.
The title story was equally beguiling for its simplicity and compression. In a few pages the writer crafted the personal sensibility of an irritable and snobbish middle class train passenger.
Dilly-dally with her heart like it’s my toy
Okay so my main problem with this book is that it is named Siren. Guess what Vanessa spends the whole book doing? Well, she is trying to figure out what is killing people in the waters outside of Winter Harbor. I felt like shaking her the whole book and saying "Duh, it's Sirens! Obviously!" It would have been better to title the book something that doesn't totally give away the mystery that the characters spend most of the book trying to solve.
I used the super duper cute new PI Cute-a-tude.
Just want you to know
I spotted Hannah of Another City... on Lookbook (I don't have an account myself, but enjoy perusing it for inspiration) and was pleased to find that she had a blog, which I promptly followed. Hannah has legs up to her armpits, but what I'm most envious of is her style. Most often seen in Doc Martens or those gorgeous French Connection boots (right-hand photo), she oozes effortless cool, whether clad in laid-back leggings or pretty dresses.
In the film, Callahan is chasing a sadistic serial killer called Scorpio. The killer was loosely based on the real-life Zodiac Killer that was terrorizing the Bay Area at the time the movie was in production.
I admire the painstaking and sometimes touching effort generations of man have put forth in cataloging the gaps in our understanding of the universe, and it would be a shame if things like the midrashes and Ouija boards and the Elysian mysteries were all for naught simply because they weren’t scientific. Rigor is – wait for it, stadiums full of stupid people – O-ver-RA-ted. So in that sense I believe in things like charms, and their cousin the glamor.
Realizing that these moments won't last long.
Besides being written with rapier wit and impeccable detail, the author also gives solutions for the ciphers Enola faces so that the reader can solve along with her. I know, I know, I ought to have gotten over the thrill of that sort of book back in fifth grade, but honestly, once you've gotten a taste of the detective life, you can never go back to the same dry "and then he solved the case" texts again.
'Baraka' (from which Barack came) means 'blessed' in that language. Hussein
EOH: The charges against you come on the eve of the crucial fall elections. What effect could it have on them?
But still my life cries: 'Work and save.
8. Deadline
within my reach...
Now for some background on the name Aurora. I have always adored the name since learning that Aurore (Dupin) was the name of Chopin’s one and (possibly only) true love.
The official website is here:
Time of love
Kim Kesti,
“Forgive…”
Happy Vintage Thingie Thursday!!! Hope you have a great week!!
All is grace. And it is God's Grace that colors all that I see. I breathe. I live in the good of this. This gift. Amen.
Check out the launch trailer here:
Dress Up is very tame in comparison, and I can't tell if it's a pinky purple or a purpley pink.
May we all pray with our feet, our minds, our hearts. May the Source of love and justice bless our efforts.
“Pretty much, he has tripled everybody's business,” Ben said.
These kinds of machines which promise ultimate power at low, low prices are still a recurrent phenomenon, and make for pretty big business. Perhaps it’s not surprising that people regularly claim to have invented or discovered some device, mechanism, or physical process which would render that whole fossil fuel problem moot. It’s an appealing notion, to have something which could power itself and let you siphon off the overflow, storing and using all this new energy as it spills out from… somewhere. Unfortunately – at least, if you’re living under Homer Simpson’s roof and obey the laws of thermodynamics – the Universe places an inconvenient embargo on the whole idea.
Day 4 – Treetop Walk and the Giant Tinglewood Tree (Walpole-Nornalup National Park)
Obama met earlier in the day with the Republican and Democratic leaders — but only briefly— the day after Boehner abruptly broke off his own once-promising compromise talks with the White House…. – WaPo, 7-23-11
A second form of intellectual property that is especially vulnerable on the Internet is a company’s copyrights. Unlike trademarks, which have to be registered (for federal protection anyway), copyrights are in full force in effect the minute one creates a work. For instance, this blog posting has been copyrighted by virtue of its creation (though enforcement in federal courts does require registration). If we find someone has used text from this blog elsewhere on the Internet without proper attribution, we can send what’s known in the industry as a DMCA Take-Down Notice. Such a notice puts the host on notice that they could be liable for contributory copyright infringement if the offending text is not removed from the Internet. Not wanting to be wrapped up in a lawsuit, a host will often take down an entire website – not just the offending text. This not only applies to text, but also anything else that is copyrightable such as music, pictures, movies, and even graphics. The penalties for copyright violations can also be criminal – not just civil. For instance, one music lover of a band posted the band’s unreleased songs on the Internet. That not only resulted in the website being taken down, but the offending party’s arrest and prosecution (he received house arrest for a few years). Like with trademark violations, websites with foreign domains which are hosted overseas, are often untouchable to those seeking to enforce their copyrights unless you want to learn the ins and outs of the court systems in countries such as Kazakhstan.
We were both hot and tired!
Facebook likes: 30,685
A chance to live in this country where we have everything we need for the most part, and don't live in fear of our lives
The Jeffersons’ unappreciated joy in life is their yard. They edge and cut the grass themselves. There’s never a blade out of place. There’s no crab grass, only green, dark green grass, green from waterin’ just the right amount. They invest in appliances. They don’t accumulate junk. Every tool has a place. It’s there when a tool is not in use. They always own new cars. They never sale one without a trade in. Horny toads don’t stand a chance in their yard.
This year we wanted to see the 'Regard de la Lanterne', the grandest of all the regards, at the Place des Fetes on the top of the hill. We had to queue for a while, during which time we were entertained and educated by a very entertaining and informative Monsieur. The Regard de la Lanterne is where three channels of water from the nappe feed into a small basin which in turn feeds the aqueduct of Belleville - the principal channel in the system. Again, the function of this building was nothing more than to allow for inspection of the waters and channels. As our guide drily emphasised, if such a system was built today, then nothing more than a 50mm pipe would carry the water, with a small box for inspection, all hidden away. But this system was built in another era when things were done differently. There was more grandeur and more ceremony. There was a desire to celebrate technology. People wore big hats and cloaks and the buildings they built had to accomodate them properly.
“Yep, job number two. I’ll be bringing a new little helper,” she grinned.
We really enjoyed ourselves, especially as we didn't get to pick any blackberries this year due to them all getting mildew and shriveling up :-( I find something very relaxing about doing this sort of thing with the kiddies (or on my own), it is earthing somehow.
Okay, so the next day Felix and Oriana are performing again. Oriana bubble dances, Felix plays the sax and Uncle Duke says, “magnificent! Magnificent!” and so on. They all end up in bubbles somehow and escape the circus tent.
When - April 1-30
Considering I recognize the moves from my Insanity workouts, and I KNOW those work, I'm willing to take the gamble and have added it as a bonus fat burner to my daily routine. Besides, I figure if my heart and head believe, I have a pretty good chance of my rumpus following suit...
Again: you have eight days. (Although, if you're on the suspects list, you may only have two...)
I know that some days I’m going to get mixed up and Eat More and Do Less, but the plan is simple enough that most days I should be able to stay pointed in the right direction.
I never get tired of the beautiful rim rock behind the barn. Sunny mornings such as when this photo was taken is when my favorite light appears.
So, not a bad end to the week.
yard swathed in black
Then he decides he’s in love with Makino and everything changes. Does that redeem him? Is it ok that he unleashed such terror on his school because now he loves someone (and hey, he’s damaged, right)?
22. She’s as smart as any boy. Make sure she knows that.
You Asked: I have been trying to do that. My husband has dementia and I want to walk him beyond the security gate to the point where he actually boards the plane.
2. Sleep – it is well-documented that lack of sleep leads to the body holding onto fat and weight gain. As the mother of a newborn sleep isn’t always easy to get.
You will have until April 25th to complete and get your shoes mailed to me:Please try your very best to stick to the date~~ I know I look really forward to getting my swaps on time and it just stresses us all if we are late! I know situations arise.. but pretty please try!
I enjoyed the essays and reading how Tressel felt each scripture tied into the concept of success. However, given the fact that Tressel was forced to step down as coach just months after this book was published somewhat tarnished my ability to feel truly inspired or get any kind of spiritual message from the essays. Kind of like reading a book about how to have a successful marriage by Newt Gingrich.
Here are the “Top 5” events for the week:
Its a bit of a short and sweet post as its quite late now and i have to be up early with a certain little baby that doesn't know the meaning of letting mummy sleep in lol.
My husband making a few adjustments to the door. If you notice the lock on the top is locked, we took turns locking each other in as a "surprise". It also has a lock on the inside which I said may be where I go to hide from everyone and they can't come in to bother me. <U+263A>
11. The Boys of Summer (Don Henley song)
We haven't heard where our stuff is, still in Barcelona or has it arrived to Casa.
74.733132, -94.932071
Under the Clinton administration the very last piece of that protective legislation the Glass-Stiegel Act, was totally destroyed—thus clearing the way for Bush & the Bandits to begin what Obama is now putting the finishing touches on.
Then the questioning, by the Chair of the D 15 CEC, began. If the purpose of charter schools is to offer choice to parents of students in failing schools, why was the DOE proposing this co-location in an area with high performing schools? Originally the charter application submitted was approved for D 13 or D 14. Why the sudden move to D 15? Why had there been no preliminary discussion with the D 15 CEC or the Community Planning Board, as required by the law? Why had CUNY ignored its own guidelines of
Burgess Meredith (Grumpier Old Men)
Garage Door Replacement (upscale) Job Cost: $2,994 Resale Value: $2,129 Cost Recouped: 71.1%
---------------- And today -- rain, and a hovering purple/gray sky.
The Wylie Agency operates internationally from offices in New York and London. In business for more than 30 years, it has built a reputation for consistently high standards. The writers and estates it represents include many of the greatest names in 20th and 21st century literature. Odyssey Editions is the first digitally native literary imprint launch of its kind.
But I put this dream aside because I had to do that horrid thing and admit that I wasn't good enough. Because I wasn't. However I still dream that one day I will have a chance to at least be in the chorus of some professional production, then at least I can say that I tried. And it was brilliant. I know that deep down I still have hopes to act, act in anything that will have me, but now I've got this fear that I'm not good enough for that either. For a variety of reasons.
With Regan out of the way, Willie Crawford took the number in 1969. He had worn 43 or 47 up until that point.
In that rich earth a richer dust concealed;
* We ask design team members to vote on submitted layouts for each challenge
~ Despite this, there was the occasional scruffy-looking oddball.* I found it refreshing, and my favorite attendee was a guy in a tie-dyed t-shirt emblazoned with the National Bohemian mascot. I'm not certain this guy actually knew where he was, but he seemed to be having a good time.
Every Sunday, Kara gets to visit Aunt Rachael's and play with her cousins Gabriel and Gracie. Last Friday, Gabriel got to come play at Kata's house. In this picture Gabriel is talking to Kara. They were so cute.
But today I wanted to try a whole new way of eating them......almond milk.
Tip: Use very ripe bananas to make this easy banana bread.
Watch out that you don't safety pin your clothes. Pull the skirt away from you! This is probably good for short term. If you like to keep it permenently like this, you should sew it. I'm obligated to tell you this, even though I'm too lazy to fully sew it myself.
Most of the time I choose 1st one, but today I just wanted to blame somebody/something for small negative things: my internet router being a b***h and my good, expensive earphones being broken. You see what I mean? Monday has nothing to do with these things…but as much as I don’t like blaming Monday, I think every one of us deserves to have that one day for excuses…as long as the rest of the week it’s we, and not Monday, decide how things will go.
Ben said:
Anyway, those are my thoughts! Few books have captured my imagination lately the way that Hunger Games did, so I am really looking forward to being captivated all over again by the movie. What about you? Do you agree or disagree with anything I’ve said here? Did I miss anything? Don’t forget to leave your comment for a chance to win a copy of The Official Illustrated Movie Companion! Cheers!
Some of us joke about “The Kiss Principle.” Keep It Simple, Stupid! However that which is truly profound often appears to be so simple that it is easily overlooked. The kind of prayer that opens people up to the work that God may want to do in their hearts about their relationship to money is most effective when it is kept simple. In our campaigns we ask churches, leaders first and then the people, to commit to praying a simple prayer each day: “God, what would you have me do?” Then we watch the church’s spiritual temperature rise as excited people begin to share with each other the answers that have come to them. In every church there are people who end up finding themselves led to a new level of generosity. Those people thank their pastors for the opportunity as they make what is, for some of them, the largest gift they have ever made. Their enthusiasm encourages others, and the campaign reaches its goals.
Until next time, eat up!
The three strangers find a bald man sitting against the tree, typing on his laptop. “Congratulations, you found me,” says the typing man without looking up.
Who needs a commercial rents database when you have Jack Fagan whose reporting of rents in Dundrum is summarised below:
RELEASE DATE: May 4, 2012
Now the reason why I talk about that is because the same goes with HOW you shoot. A month or two ago I went out and photographed the trails by my house. When I came home and started editing them, I noticed that how I would edit one picture, would be completely different from how I would edit another.
Then one moment chilled my spine. It was the reported words of some of the coaches saying if the NHL isn’t going to do something, we’re going to have to do it ourselves. But if they take it into their own hands, how far does that go?
Showtimes are Fridays and Saturdays at 8pm and Sundays at 2pm, with one added 2pm performance on Saturday, May 19.
This week was also the first week of wearing a new pair of sunglasses, a really, really expensive pair of sunglasses. My last pair was a $30 pair off one of those round sunglasses spiny thing. When I bought that I couldn’t believe I was spending so much for them but I wore them 3 years so all in all a good investment.
…not to be confused with Hunan…or Hainan. Or Yunan. (Or since it’s Purim: Haman.)
Now, this is not news. Things have been weird in this long-term relationship (so to speak) for quite some time. I stopped taking Seroquel — three years ago this month, thank you — went through fierce withdrawal and the most extreme mania of my life, and everything changed, for me. Through it all he stood on the sidelines, shouting that I would diiiiiiie.
- You can contribute up to $330,000 for a single beneficiary
Haven’t done much chatting since my friend has not been around much this week. Been busy with other things. I rarely venture into any random chat rooms these days. I’m kind of happy just to visit one or two rooms on a regular basis. After all the years I’ve put into it I have started to feel like I’d want to do something else with my time. Sure it’s fun making new friends but there are also other aspects which are not as much fun.
Planned Parenthood does far more that provide abortions. Far more. Far, far more. In fact abortion services are just a tiny fraction of what they do. But after listenting to this girl and looking at her website, it's clear that's what her motiviation is all about. As far as the sec education materials that GSUSA has available, the thing to remember is that are not required. They're available for troops who decided to use them, they are geared towards older girls and they are NOT required for any badges, awards or other recognition. In other words, if this girl and her troop find them so reprehensible, they don't have to use them. However, other troops might not have the same outlook. They should be able to use them.
So, with the country in the mess it is, and our Head of State and Prime Minister denied a private jet, what possible reason is there for this "spotty teen geek" lookalike to warrant such favour ? Indeed, please tell me why he deserves anything more than a budget standby seat courtesy of RyanAir ?
5.rich life
09. Norah Knows
For that reason alone, I had voted for Grace Bonney's Design*Sponge for best over all design blog. After all, how can you not choose the person who really was the forefront of personal design blogging? She very nearly created the genre and inspired a thousand other blogs, mine included. Her Biz Ladies Meetups across the country were huge successes and showed that she was as interested in supporting women in business no matter how tiny.
The Blue Zone by Andrew Gross
On the subjects of:
The Geauga County Maple Festival is held on beautiful Chardon Square and opens on Thursday of the last full weekend in April. The festival celebrates the production of maple syrup, a leading agricultural industry in Northern Ohio.
Would you like to hear a story with a happy ending? A modern day fairy tale, as it were?
I’m almost off school for the summer. Notice how I said almost. That means that I have a bunch of very important assignments due. And when I have important stuff to do, I procrastinate. In order to assist my procrastination, and celebrate being almost off school, my mom and I went out for lunch.
As we walked back to our house, the heavens opened and the rain poured down. We got to try out our own version of a classic Mythbusters episode: do you get more wet walking or running in the rain? Our conclusion? It makes no difference, we got comprehensively soaked no matter what we did. To finish the day we had pizza in front of the television and watched… well, Mythbusters of course.
Ever have one of those weeks where you just keep repeating the same mistake over and over? You know you shouldn't and yet you refuse to listen to your instincts. Maybe some of us are more wired to be like that. I don't know.
Now that it looks like elections are going to be called for this coming September, speculation has begun that Netanyahu is holding elections in order to free himself up to deal with Iran before the American elections.
opposite, Alloy, after a block of town.
Per il fiore ho usato una die Whiff of Joy, ho tagliato 4 pezzi in due misure, li ho accartocciati, li ho riaperti e infine distressati con il Black Soot. Una brad con la perla nel messo completa il tutto.
Please watch for our upcoming line of baking mixes, coming in the late-Spring/early-Summer of 2010. I will certainly keep you updated.
I dressed to match the cool, wintery day.
Guess what the eruption never came!
CEO@ISABEAUDAKOTA.COM
As it were, Heynckes’ superior squad shone through and they will play Chelsea in what promises to be a superb match at the end of May in their home town of Munich. However, this page sees it as a massive shame that both Ramires and David Alaba will be suspended, preventing a battle of rampant energy down the flank. It is time for FIFA to change the 3 yellow card ruling.
“A loving heart is the beginning of all knowledge.” Thomas Carlyle
This aqua scarf is actually my favourite thing I found. The colour is delicious in real life and I love the metallic sparkle in it. It isn't that long, but I've been thinking of sewing it end to end to make a spring infinity scarf. As is the case with most items I buy, wash it first to get rid of any heebeejeebees. Oh, and the scarf was only $1.50. Yesiree.
Nap is not entirely sure he approves of the newfangled Eiffel Tower, but he permits Paris to keep it.
The Ruby-throated Hummingbird is 7–9 cm long with an 8–11 cm wingspan, and weighs about 3 g. Adults are metallic green above and greyish white below, with near-black wings. Their bill is long, straight and very slender.
Due to the matte finish these foundations are not so great for dry skins but aimed at a combination/oily skin type.
So let’s dive right into the image quality. You’ll notice that the weather wasn’t identical for the two contenders, but lighting conditions were similar enough to make the images comparable.
The gala was much more elaborate than I expected. Food and drink were top-notch and plentiful. (I was responsible and only consumed one glass of wine). There was free valet parking, a fashion show, live auction and "after-party" with a buffet, DJ and open-bar.
Old Ben Ale
Unfortunately having to pay the fine of£70,000 this record of service will be reduced, my prediction.
I’ll keep you…you’ll be my jar of smiles.
The place had seven communal cells, some of which used to be storerooms for the Portuguese colonisers, and five isolation cells, crowded so much that a mere turn of a sleeping position by a single prisoner would awaken the whole cell.
Location: Poland
Where there is despair, hope;
It also has a somewhat oily feel, but again, once it is spread out skin absorbs it quickly and the oily feeling goes away.
I think it's worked but you'll have to let me know if I need more practice!
8. Parks and Recreation
Exhibition preview: July 27 (Friday)
If I had to pick a favorite on ‘Carved Into Stone’, it would be the uptempo Thrash riff monster that is ‘List Of Grievances’, as it fits my taste perfectly, but there’s a lot more to enjoy here. ‘Eternal Heat’ is possibly Prong’s best opening track yet and should appeal to any Metalhead, while ‘Revenge…Best Served Cold’ benefits from its inescapable catchiness and has therefore logically been selected as the album’s single. ‘Ammunition’ was already familiar to me due to its inclusion on co-writers Channel Zero’s ‘Feed ‘Em With A Brick’ and also kicks ass here, although I think Franky De Smet-van Damme’s vocals fit this song slightly better. ‘Reinvestigate’ is a perfect closer in the sense that it leaves the listener hungry to put the album back on and ‘Carved Into Stone’ is the monumental title track this album begs for, the one that brings everything together.
So I had (have?) this theory that if you don't use just one pacifier or bottle nipple the baby won't get nipple confusion because you'll teach them right away that there are different types of nipples and that you suck on each of them differently and they'll easily be able to tell what the boob nipple is and latch well on it. True? Giving newborns way too much credit? No idea, since we've had so many non-latch related issues with breastfeeding (from the start; pacifiers had nothing to do with it). Regardless, she does take four different types of pacifier with four very different nipples somewhat readily. That is, she'll take it on HER terms when SHE wants. If she doesn't want a pacifier at that point there is no way in hell you're going to get her to take it. But if she just wants to suck, she'll take it with no problem. A lot of breastfeeding resources say no pacifier, and that the baby should get all their sucking needs on mom's breast, but since she wanted to suck 24/7 and I like my nipples attached to my body, that wouldn't work for us. Girl likes to suck, and suck hard. (Please no dirty sex jokes about my newborn). We have the Natursutten orthodontic nipple, Natursutten round nipple, Gumdrop, and the hospital one, which is a lot like the GumDrop but softer. The hospital and Natursutten orthodontic are her favorites.
Along with the shorter flap other aspects of the wings design have changed, the slots on the endplate have been made even more shapely and the endplate merged into the flap. These slots have been a feature on F1 rear wings for nearly ten years. They aim to take some of the high pressure air above the wing and direct it out through the endplate at the wing tip. This reduces the pressure differences that create the vortices at the wing tip, these vortices often seen in damps condition create a large amount of drag, reducing them further aids top speed.
and reaches for the tool
Street Fighter X Tekken is Capcom’s latest entry in their long running cross-over fighting series. This time Capcom’s Street Fighters take on Namco Bandai’s Tekken characters in an over-the-top 2 vs 2 tag fighter. Aimed as a fighting game for both Street Fighter and Tekken fans-alike, does Street Fighter X Tekken “cross the line” between these two franchises or does it miss its mark?
It is the same game all the way up – it is “Turtles” all the way up.
I’ll also have a delightfully fun new body scrub that will knock your socks off, maybe a refreshing, luxuriously rich cream for body or feet and luscious lip butters if I can get them finished in time.
Soon, the Chipettes are hired as the opening act at a Britney Spears concert at the Staples Center. Unfortunately, the concert is on the same night as the school contest, so Ian decides to blow off the battle and make the Chipettes perform at the concert. However, Jeanette confronts Ian, telling him that they want to go to the school contest. Ian refuses and orders Brittany to sing alone at the concert on stage, with Jeanette and Eleanor acting as back-up. When she refuses, he threatens to send them to a barbecue restaurant.
"Do you have him? Is he dead? Are you sure? Look again? Okay, now squish him again for good measure. Whew!" It's nice I have a sweet princess of a nine-year-old girl to take care of big manly jobs like this for me, huh?
Matthew was so, so, so, excited to be baptized on his 8th birthday! We were so excited and proud of him and his decision to follow the example of the Savior. Matthew was baptized and confirmed by Jeremy. Both of his grandpas served as witnesses and Grandma Cox gave a talk on the Holy Ghost. He was so happy the rest of the day and we talked about how that was the Holy Ghost letting him now he made the right decision. The next day Matthew gave a talk about his feelings about being baptized to his class. Throughout the day I kept thinking about his blessing day. It seemed like yesterday he was a sweet little baby that I was dressing for his blessing and now he has made a covenant with God.After Matthew's baptism and confirmation (and while we still had our family and friends gathered at the church), Calvin was given a name and a beautiful blessing by Jeremy. We are so grateful for this sweet little guy and what he has added to our family. Like all our other babies, Calvin had a special blessing blanket made in Bethlehem that I brought home from Israel.
ENDS.
Either dd Chloe or cousin Sonya.
The children were about 10 years old. Sixteen autistic children classified as non-language-impaired achieved an average language ability score of ~100, right at the mean for the administered test. In contrast, nine autistic children classified as language-impaired scored ~65, more than two standard deviations lower.
Below is the motion version of the West Africa leg! Max volume suggested. Pass on to anyone and everyone!
Softly ten der ly like a lover's touch
Last week, the professor had a model hold a gun and the students had to draw and
In less than three seconds, water covered the entire bathroom floor–followed immediately by every towel, washcloth, bathmat etc I could find.
It's a question of taking the idea that formal schooling isn't the only way, all the way. Idzie says she doesn't want a "normal" job. The jobs she aspires to are occupations that don't need school; (she's already a very successful writer and has already been invited to speak at alternative education conferences!). Her job interests include natural medicine consultant, writer/editor, vegetarian/vegan cooking/catering, teaching primitive skills... which can be learned through apprenticeships.
Cain killed his brother Abel by slitting his throat, as one would in animal slaughter. The two men were Adam and Eve’s sons; so, murder — as horrible as it is — appears very early in the Bible. It demonstrates that there are wicked minds in the world capable of death and destruction.
I know I already recently ranted about them in this blog, but today I’ve just simply had enough. I don’t know what to do because I can’t leave this hellhole, but I need some form of escape. Anything will do at this point. I’d rather be lonely as fuck than be around them right now. Isn’t that sad? Every time I feel like I am having a generally good and optimistic day, they come home and always manage to find a way to ruin it.
Twine - May Arts
I had sooooo many things to post about my first couple of nights of class this semester. I had a LOT of frustrations to vent about. THEN, I read my "Best friend that lives far away"'s blog, and realized - "If you don't have anything nice to say...." and decided that, like her, I should ZIP IT.
More than once I have been told, “If you had been here twenty years ago it would have made a huge difference in my life and the lives of my family.” Not to defend myself I asked, “Would you have believed twenty years ago?” The answer was always the same; “No.”
red or yellow peppers - I used 3 red peppers
And they swiftly fly away
When their sins were exposed, Bathsheba and David repented, but their child became sick and died. The scriptures don’t tell us much about how Bathsheba felt, but as a mother, she had to be devastated.
I sewed the tongue in place. Fortunately the front pocket on Lincoln's backpack is big and my machine is extremely maneuverable, so I could applique the tongue using my Bernina. I don't think my old Singer could have handled this however, so don't be surprised if you have to applique some parts by hand.
I did wrong, it’s not easy being from here
The opposition party has also alleged that Shahrizat’s family used nearly RM600,000 from NFCorp’s funds to settle their credit card bills in 2009.
A super collection of work made by English sculptor, Des Hughes, has opened at Manchester City Gallery today. Hughes was given free reign to pick items from the Gallery's collection of paintings & artefacts to sit alongside his work (which incorporates further pieces from his 'Thems' series).
Starring: Christopher Walken, Denis Leary, Henry Thomas, Johnny Galecki, Nathan Dana, Sean Patrick Flanery, and Jay Mohr
to hold you in my soul
10 Day Book Club is a virtual tool, which prepares manuscripts for publishing. The one-of-a-kind venue is simple for writers to use. Learn more at http://10daybookclub.com
I have no more pleadings left. The Judge will determine whether death is eminent.
The business end of Alan, she had too much milk for JB, and her milk is too rich for the twin calves we were given, Adam and Eve, so they are still on goats milk.
Before the hand cramps started, I was stitching on this wonderfully sweet design by Beth Twist! It is an exclusive design available only to those who participate in her simple rules at Heartstrings Around the World (even though I had to read it several times for it to register). I did change out a few colors since I did not have all the required threads and I was so anxious to start on it! No patience here! I had a little trouble at first with wondering about my color choices, my fabric choice and a herd of frogs invaded my time. Once the frogs left and I got some color stitched into the piece, it has become a fun piece to work on.
Session 9: 9 am – 10:15 am
Im trying not to think about that event too much, yes granted most of the time you cannot get me to shut up, but in front of a room of 50 people?? There’s that voice again, “But Im not a speaker! And what’s worse, I have to speak about writing, and Im not a writer!”. Its enough to give any writer a heart attack.
There were many marching bands and drill teams from high schools in New Jersey, Long Island, Connecticut and even as far as Albany! The Boy Scouts were also represented along with the NYPD and senators. And amidst all of the neighborhood representations and schools there were the costumes – one of the main reasons I went to the Parade.
None of this is to suggest that the fault for this entire movie lays at Smith’s feet. As I mentioned earlier, there’s no chemistry at all between Smith and Kline, and the awful script couldn’t have inspired them to give much of a crap beyond their professionalism. There’s a lot of infantile boob jokes (including the title of this review, which is one of the funnier lines in the film), including a numbing scene where they play a game of “touch my breast” with the fake boobs Gordon has made for his women’s costume.
I would surmise that any sane person would attempt to prevent the act to be executed. And therein lies my first problem: a stated act of faith can look every bit as crazy as any abject act of senseless (senseless for whom?) religious violence to any body who is not privy to God’s intention. Problem? I don’t know how to make the difference between who is obeying to God and who is just a loony with a predilection for mass murder?
Other publications named Forward (in different languages) associated with socialism and communism:
The little book is written professionally from the perspective of a woman new to agriculture, being dragged up to speed by a very driven fiancee cum husband . I especially liked the passages about the couple getting to know & use their working horses. These narratives underwrite the saga lending it strength & truth.
Calder Contested
On Friday we bought the bookcase from Impact and then went off to Bensons beds to get an idea of prices.There was a special offer on one and she loved the black metal frame,So perfect for her purple Gothic fairy palace.
Toss all spinach into saucepan with a little water, cover and steam for a few minutes until leaves are wilted and bright green. Once wilted, add crumbled feta and let cook slightly until cheese begins to soften.
Mike brought leadership not seen before. Above all, Mike taught me that a fully focused part-time leader can be more effective than a full-time leader occupied only part of the time.
1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1 Top of Push Up Plank Walk Out…Key Points: Feet wider than shoulder/hand width. Torso tight…remember string tied to navel being pulled straight back. From the Top of Plank position use tiny baby steps with your hands to walk forward and back to start position (ab wheel without the ab wheel). This is a much more precise movement and infinitely harder to perform.
finding them. The same thing goes for money, do not talk about not having
A while ago I did a Style School e-course, and it really helped me to collate things that inspire me and place it all in one place - rather than keeping them scattered all over my house! Since i finished this e-course, I've kept a Style File. It's divided out by Wardrobe, Home, Creative & Life.
There is the case of a famous, high-rating TV chat show where the producer asked a PR person for major star A as a guest on the show. It would have been a coup for the show. The PR said, “Well, if you want A on the show, it would be nice if you could also put X on the show.”
Project #9
My goal was to complete the base set and pick up the parallels of my favorite players.
As so, we began, as did I and moved inevitably toward the first meeting of the State Commission.
DirectionsMash beans in bowl until chunky. Heat oil in skillet over medium heat. Add onion and garlic, sauté for 4 minutes. Add beans, diced tomatoes, salsa, cumin, chili powder and cook for 5 minutes or until thick. Stir and remove from heat. Add cheese, cilantro and lime juice. Stir well.
Otherwise, you can access it here. And now, to my giveaway! So that Irini can tell her bag apart from everyone else's (since they have a "school" school bag) I made her, Stephen and their cousin a cute little bag tag.
The thought of a pearl, carefully guarded at the bottom of the ocean by some gigantic mollusk, unseen and hidden, captures my imagination. But the origins of such a secret treasure are quite different from the oyster’s perspective.
Snow-fairies falling, falling from the sky,
So. The best I can do is to write as fast as I can now and hope for the best. I figure I'm within 100 pages of the end. Maybe...just maybe...I can get this done. And even if I can't, I'll spend a lot of time thinking about it, reconfiguring it, twisting and turning it.
We have been planning to replace that fan for months. Over the summer, my girls and I took on a massive redecorating project. I had to pack up my entire home office, including the huge closet of office/craft/sewing/misc stuff and move everything to the living room so the office could be repainted. Once three walls were lavender and one was a dramatically dark blue, my 12 year old could move in and start decorating.
Every once in a while a film comes along that clearly has ulterior motives, be it a political message or double meanings or, as in this case, to product place and make money. Battleship is a culmination of Hasbro emptying their pockets to repeat Transformers’ success and the studio going through its bargain bin of rejected plot lines mashing something together. Some effort has been put into ensuring that it’s a Box Office hit, but that doesn’t stop the result from being anything short of laughable.
Japandroids - The House That Heaven Built
Winterson, 53, is best known for her 1985 debut novel, Oranges Are Not the Only Fruit, published soon after she left Oxford University. She will take up her post in October and teach both undergraduates and MA students, as well as giving four public lectures each year.
More to come…and how you can help the next stage of this dream become a reality (and get thanked for it)!
The helmets are fitting better now. Thank heavens. They all looked like bobble head dolls out there!
Rachel Ballinger
When it comes to learning music or a foreign language, even a little exposure supposedly enables people to learn more deeply later in life. This may be true in other disciplines as well. Students who are taught logic may forget they even heard the word syllogism, but they may have an unconscious understanding of how to construct a logical argument.
Julio Iglesias / older lesbian trying to look young
In a basin of hot soapy water, gently rub the mat till it felts up. Rinse. Give it a quick spin. Then dry the mat, keeping it flat. I gave it a day to dry.
I have received a significant amount of feedback from family members and others that have encouraged me to keep writing, both for my own catharsis and because the raw honesty of my writing has helped some. I never hoped that I would reach the point where I was asked to keep writing, but I am flattered that I have.
New deployment maneuvers from both armies. The pikemen are slowly forming into a square, back to back. The vikingr are trying to push from all sides. (Please ignore the hecklers appearing in the far right... They are up to no good.)
A few updates to note… we are branching out and making a whimsical children’s clothing line called Raven’s Nest. We are very excited to launch and I promise to keep you posted when we get everything together. Also, we are happy to announce that we will be participating in Fiesta Hermosa during Memorial Day weekend. This will be a three day event so we are stocking up now…. While documenting this event I will make sure to tell the story of what happened when we attempted to participate for Labor Day…
I have been trying to both follow and interrogate my instincts; on one hand to allow feeling and energy to be available to the work, on the other to consciously move towards the kinds of choices I would normally avoid. Doubt must be applied to assumptions, pronouncements, assertions, ideas, authorities, habits, discourses, histories; faith to materials, experience, desires, feelings, intuitions. Doubt can function to challenge established categories, belief to foster a trust in tacit, non-verbal knowledge, often in spite of what rational logic dictates.
NOTE: You can also make a plain, upright flower. Thread the pieces from smallest to largest, followed by the base pieces. Secure with a crimp bead and give to a loved one.
with branches that swing and enfold me
It’s not always something that is outright or blunt. Sometimes it comes in small packages or small doses. Sometimes it is unrecognizable. Disguised.
I'm just saying that I am sick of being looked down on or excluded or whatever because my body isn't smaller. I'm not lazy. I'm not unhealthy and anyone would be envious of my amazingly low cholesterol level. My size just so happens to be in the double digits. Sue me.
Oh yeah…I know.
I am camped in the desert west of Vegas with a bunch of other vandwellers. One of the guys mentioned he wanted to go check out tattoos, and that was all it took. We enlisted Steve to go for moral support and because he has the most awesome knife collection ever. He very graciously allowed me to borrow 2 of my favorites....a dirk and a kukri (curved gurkha knife) to use for a pattern.
Summer is whizzing by, it shall be August in a few days. I was sorting some garden pics last night. When I saw the lilac pictures, I was struck by how having all the lilac bushes in bloom seemed such a long time ago...I would like to hit some sort of summer pause button!
be honest
But the paint was good and did not run out, not even when their fingers had been worn to the bone.
SHOWS THAT GOT AHEAD OF THEMSELVES BY SCHEDULING COMIC-CON APPEARANCES, CREATING A COMIC BOOK AND ALL BUT DECLARING THEMSELVES ‘THE NEXT BIG THING IN GEEK CULTURE’, BEFORE DEBUTING, SUCKING AND THEN DISAPPEARING WITHOUT A SINGLE GEEK SHEDDING A SINGLE GEEK TEAR:
My mind flooded with images that I rarely let myself think. I have been so chaos free now that I almost don't know how I will react when and if I get my wish of another baby. No sleep. No downtime. Feedings. Baby food. Nursing. Crying.
After the “big break” itself was over, I wasn’t the same person. I had the same interests, but I no longer feel that I can take the Ph.D path. And thus I feel like my life is a failure.
be looking at a cyber-based Ops Lalang now?
I, on the other hand, did not grow up in a pet-friendly household. My mother did not care for cats. She was afraid of big dogs—she'd been bitten as a small child—and above all she didn't want anything in the house that shed!
8 weeks until I leave….
Playing online poker has got much more benefits, than playing in a poker room, with the traditional rules. The best thing about playing online poker game is the excellent bonus options available. Online poker games bonuses are now being provided by online poker games web pages to benefit their players. From a legal viewpoint, online poker may differ in some ways from online casino gaming. However online poker is legal and regulated in many countries including several nations.
Have your child sort the laundry by color.
Piggy was an Infomaniac Bitch since this blog’s beginnings in early 2006 and we were acquainted prior to that as I was a daily visitor to his blog. Our friendship blossomed from there.
Actually, I think most of us kids spent a lot of our younger years terrified of her. But she did make cookies.
Tips on a 9v Adapter
That is not, however, why he has come; no:
The first two were selected for the Royal West of England Academy Open Photography 2. Although I can't be absolutely sure whether mine were the only iPhone images on display, they were certainly the only two to be labled as such. Some of you might recall that January Walking: Out Of Signal was shot on New Year's Day, when I was lost, halfway up a Welsh hillside, and my iPhone was well and truly out of signal. The friend who we were with at the time has since assured us that he now knows the hill at the back of his house as well as he knows the back of his hand. The second photograph depicts a journey that we know quite well as we have taken it once for the last eight years. Pilgrims Of Light, Last Ascent To The Red Cross was shot during our last night at the 2010 Lyon Festival des Lumières, as we made our way up the side of the steep cliff that led back to our hotel in the Croix Rousse District.
Marilyn J. Sorensen, Ph.D., author of “Breaking the Chain of Low Self-Esteem” and clinical psychologist in Portland, Ore., explains how such disorders originate.
Leadership is also misunderstood to mean directing and instructing people and making important decisions on behalf of an organization. Yes, leaders make decisions. Yes, leaders instruct and teach. However, effective leadership involves much more than these.
“Well, the hands.” He says.
Hell, you probably shouldn't have even read my review.
A thief comes only to steal and slaughter and destroy;
It’s useful and legitimate to isolate Jewish leftism and cultural Marxism, to assemble relevant facts and discuss their characteristics and harmful consequences. But it can’t be done reliably by people who testify for the defense in Holocaust deniers’ trials (pdf), and then deny the denial. It cannot be done by people who ascribe a collective malignancy to others, but are themselves so tainted by a malignancy that they view all of Western history with shades fashioned to block all light frequencies but the narrow band of cherchez le juif.
the actual wedding, I feel the a bit of pressure in making
By Tom Gardner
Streamlined design with updated front panel and top-load center laptop compartment with versatile padded divider for easy configuration of laptops and files
250 ml of milk
Although if you show up with three of them,
there are words
One more disturbing fact: when the police came to visit the Jordan home, to answer the many calls they received about the incident, here's what Mr. Jordan says happened:
Today, I have all my windows open...feels great after a long, stuffy winter.
This set opens with a rousing "On The Road Again" the first and biggest hit the band had. Bob Hite's voice is in fine shape, as are his harmonica licks. Fito de la Parra and Larry Taylor form a formidable rhythm section and really keep things moving nicely. Jay Spell's stride piano playing defines "Boogie-Woogie Blues". Mike Mann may have been the most under-rated guitar player in the business. All together these guys made great music - I dare anyone to sit still while this disc is playing.
She is the bravest person I know, physically, mentally, and emotionally. I’ll tell you one illustrative story. In the Fall of 2005 after hurricanes Katrina and Rita, we finally managed to get our family sailboat, the Zombie Princess, under the multiple bridges keeping us in New Orleans and escape to the open water of the Gulf of Mexico. We spent a couple of days resting at anchor behind a Mississippi barrier island waiting for a good weather window to make our crossing from there to Naples, Florida, then tucked in behind a squall front which was heading in our direction but ahead/away from us.
At a distance the figure waits and watches
128. According to a China’s magazine review, Dio had a lot antifans in China, because of the spread of issues from his trainee days.
Stephen King or Chistopher Moore could loquaciously wax on about the smooth taste of Crown Royal or the suave sexiness of Amaretto and then at the end of the commercial say with a crooked grin,"What you think I come up with all that crap stone cold sober?"
I use about 4 hours. This was done in a little over two.
The little boys continued to play on the race track, and I designed for a while. Tom read his book for a while, and Eme.... well, I'm not sure what she was doing.
While chatting with a fellow nail polish lover, she mentioned to me that she was looking for an orange-red, like the sunset. She wanted something that would represent the saying "Red sky at night, Sailor's delight; red sky in the morning, Sailor's take warning. I promptly hopped up, ran to my polish lab and threw some things together. What you see here in the result.
The main improvement initiative I’m undertaking currently is to pick up things that have fallen on the ground. I’m still okay with stuff that’s supposed to be down there — pebbles, earthworms, the drunken homeless — but I’m trying to put forth a real effort to make my world a better place with the simple act of bending down and retrieving discarded litter. Some people have chosen to help earthquake victims; I’m thinking that charity begins at home, in an approximately three-foot radius of where I’m standing.
Moo (as in what a cow says)
M: Your instrumentation is pretty interesting. There are some animal sounds. I feel the ratchet is a sorely underused piece of percussion, so kudos with that.
I am trying to decide if, when and how I should reach out to this couple. I don't want to overstep my bounds as I have never met them. Hell, I don't even know their names. Do I give them a list of resources; online forums, grief support groups, my phone number? Do I send them a card via the sitter?
3, Sir Lancelot
Sprinkle with cheese.
There are moments when I really, truly, do not care what my neighbors think. That happened to be one of them. I’m pretty sure they heard me at least two streets over.
And that's a problem a single board meeting could solve.
The present air-ground-logistics capabilities of the III Marine Expeditionary Force (III MEF), coupled with the USAF air assets at Kadena Air Force Base, are considered to be a critical counterbalance to offset China’s military growth and aggressive pursuit of natural resources in the region. The US military forces in Okinawa and Japan proper have also developed into a humanitarian response force capable of providing rapid assistance to nations in the region that are overwhelmed by natural disasters.
I have my good friend Christine, who works for the CIVL (Comité Interprofessionel des Vins du Languedoc) to thank for that list. She hopes she has not missed anyone out!
…The night progresses. Even the news channels begin recycling their stories and programs. No breaking news banners. Nothing.
‘No point saying pigs can’t fly when they’re up there catching pigeons.’
the place where nothing is in balance, and silent
Okay, on to the May sketch. We invite you to join in the fun at My Creative Sketches and enter to win this gorgeous prize package!
30. Steamboat Days (Steamboat-Loading Holler) - Richard Amerson
i am learning i can bear quite a bit of pain before it really gets my attention,
Need I go on.
He should be in the Celebrity Big Brother house. He can cook, he can hit annoying twats with his plank of wood and he could nurture ducks in the jacuzzi.
No, we’re not crazy! We promise!
CIRCLE B SCRAPBOOK AND MORE STORE
06-24 London, England – Hammersmith Apollo
I am not in a blogging mood…. or at least not in a mood where blogging is a good idea… I am in a state of flux that doesn’t sit well with my usual desire for people pleasing…. So instead I will show you some pictures of things I bought today….
He says I haven’t got a knife.
Such a nice lady.
I am aware that I am not even close to having drunk every beer produced by The Kernel, but to provide that many wows out of may be only 15-20 beers I've tried is more than a little bit impressive.
Overall, this is a pretty fun app to have. It is only .99.
"You're always studying. My brother says you've become positively dull. Talk to me instead."
Battling an addiction to alcohol or drugs often has a negative impact on the alcoholic/addict’s close relationships. Their spouse, parents, children, other relatives, employers, and friends will be affected. As quoted from the AA Literature, Twelve & Twelve, (Twelve Steps & Twelve Traditions) pages 117-118:
10. Lazy Day
(Note that these clips will automatically roll into others from the episode after a small delay. As I don’t know how to prevent that, you’ll have to pause them when they’re done.)
· 2 tbsp grain mustard
Most of the men I’ve known in my life have had An Interest. You know, one thing that they’re, um, passionate about. Okay, obsessive about. For some it’s rugby, for others it’s family history (Hi Dad), for some it’s music (in that High Fidelity, list-making kind of way).
Today's outfit also features vertical stripes. The bodice is very fitted, making the stripes contour well. I'm also actually smiling, which is the new black. It makes everything look better, at least according to the radio guy in the Annie.
Personally, I think spring cleanin' is overrated.
He motioned to my chair, and I sat. “I haven’t heard from you.”
This all stems from really narrowing down a tight list of movements that work for you, nothing more nothing less. We here at CultFit HQ have had quite a bit of success doing some of these programs and have met some pretty cool goals along the way. Like, who knew you could do next to nothing as some X-Fit ape e mailers like to write and compete and finish in the Leadville Trail 100 MTB Race? We’re here to tell you that no amount of X-Fit douche baggery WOD’s will prepare you for that event! The answer lies somewhere hidden in that B-word…
So let’s try something new to “clear the cache” of beer reviews tapped into my phone. I’ve never written haiku before, I don’t think, but seeing as I just had sushi the last two nights, I’m in a Japanese frame of mind. I really think so. Here are a few beers I’ve tried over the past month that we just haven’t gotten to reviewing here on the HBJ:
I can choose a spot for the sun to shine from and by placing my rays of light over my image I can easily see where the light hits first (highlights) and where the light leaves the object or hits the ground (shadow areas). Since this is on plastic I can easily move it around and see where the most interesting shadows are, or where I would have the easiest time adding shadows.
You can't change others. Like the brother who is notoriously late and doesn't understand how hard it is to deal with when you live by a precise schedule of two small children. He won't change for me, it is what it is.
Did you know that if the door kinda sticks, it doesn’t slam very well?
The special report published this morning by the Central Bank of Ireland may well have perked up your spirits if you’re a homeowner inIreland. The Bank has calculated that residential property inIreland is between 12-26% undervalued – in other words you might think your home is worth €148,000 but the Bank thinks it should be worth up to €200,000. The Bank has even produced a graph – shown above – which shows the degree of undervaluation based on four different models.
You can watch "The Big Empty" in its entirety via this very post. Just click on the arrow below. I hope you enjoy the film, and I hope you'll share your opinion of it.
Number of cards towards the set: 265/1500 (17.67%)
Holly Wilson, a young aspiring fashion designer, has taken on the responsibility of caring for her nephew Gabe, while her brother is serving in the Military overseas.
Anyway, I'll leave you with the above photograph of her brother Dave's dog Monty - 'a right good dog, my mother-in-law said warmly - and a recipe for 'Slims' which my grandmother-in-law wrote down in her recipe book - which incidentally is crammed with newspaper wartime recipes, so it's additionally fascinating.
All characters, good or bad, must have that one driving force that compels them to act, think, and feel the way that they do. Every character has a back story, events that happened in his/her lifetime that shape who they become and how they perceive the world around them. Those events also help to create what drives them and how far they'll go to reach their intended goal.
Unfortunately, I did not have any dragons. Why not? I'm not quite sure. Every mother should have a stock of miniture dragons handy just in case of emergencies. However, what I did have was a rather cute selection of sheep, which I had knitted after, Sarah McIntyre's, Vern and Lettuce book launch. See post: Vern and Lettuce.
An ordinary day begins with getting out of bed. Yes, it is for everyone but for DG it is important for DG because waking up at a decent hour and without pain is a biggie. There after day begins by the book and the buzzer. Yes, she has to use timer for ordinary things like bed, bath, breakfast, lunch and so on. She eats same breakfast day after day with exception to Sunday when IK takes her to Gurudwara for early morning meditation. Those people are good they not only feed you but give you take along bags too; as DG cannot be trusted around food she tries hard not to bring home any doggie bag. She loves see food; she sees food she eats food. She is a life member of overeater’s anonymous.
Myth 4: You lose most of your body heat through your head.
It is constant and irreverent
That’s all!
I'll say it again
Your book is important. You have invested time in it, and it deserves personal attention. Vantage is dedicated to publishing your book in the most professional manner. Learn about what sets Vantage Press apart here.
Honour and truth - old fashioned words -
How can we untangle from this series of signs and numbers? Surely the card class is a pivotal point you can refer to, but i'd say that are importanto to consider the brand, some manufacturers in fact, are definitely more reliable than others. Between product of the same brand you can also find the high-end products, meant for the more demanding users ,abeled as "prosumer" (professional-consumer).
the questions now are of who and how – and what is meant to be
So what did I do?
This bag looks like it's here to stay - would you agree? - which is always a plus when deciding on a new bag because I can't afford in-today-out-tomorrow type things. It looks surprisingly good with skirts. I especially like it on Sarah Jessica Parker. And if Olivia Palermo has ditched her Hermes Birkin for a Mulberry (she has several, in fact), and Kate Middleton has one, then Mulberry has got to be a must-have!
Stamps: Carpe Cupcake, Great Friend (for added, very subtle background pattern)
Leave the cake to cool slightly in the mould/tin before turning out onto a wire cooling rack to cool completely.
There's plenty of red meat here for Bourdain's fans, including slaps at the classic easy targets like Rachel Ray and Sandra Lee. Wielding his pen like a slasher movie villain wields a chef's knife is what we've come to expect from Bourdain, and he doesn't disappoint. I love the snark as much as the next sarcastic blogger, but I feel like it's become part of a schtick for Bourdain.
I cannot express how much I love my son, how proud I am of him, how I long for this to be over and for him to be home and safe. The only thing I can do is pray, and fill those boxes up with things that tell him how much he is loved. If it is too much stuff, I am certain he can share with all the guys.
Even though the organization project isn't done, and we haven't had to utilize those hats or mittens just yet, knowing that everything is ready to go for winter is enough!
The broad aim of the notification requirement under Article 8(1) of the Technical Standards Directive is to enable the Commission and other Member States to comment on draft legislation and for those comments to be taken into account, as Article 8(2) requires them to be, in the subsequent preparation of
That was lucky, by getting out there a little later than normal, I missed most of the snow, and as I was sorting through the few photos I took, the rain hit in earnest. It is hard to believe that just a month ago we were in the middle of a record-breaking heat wave with temperatures in the mid to upper 80's. It was cold, windy, and snowy today, more like the middle of March should be than the middle of April.
Michael Helmut Haub, 34, Roslyn Heights, N.Y.
I am determined to actually go to bed tonight. I am sick of the demons and the distant sirens I always hear during the witching hour. Sometimes a howl cuts through the night like a dull knife and my mind takes me places I don't want to be.
Meeting minutes from Brazil’s Central Bank Monetary Policy Committee released Thursday had some traders saying that the comments were the most dovish they’ve ever read. Brazil’s monetary policy making authorities explicitly said that they are targeting single digit interest rates in Brazil. The benchmark Selic rate is now 10.5%.
“Pusparani A/P Mogan”
I am writing a PROPOSAL...
44.Blank stare. If you have stopped listening to someone and have let your thoughts take you away, it will show as a blank stare, indicating you are no longer listening. If you feel yourself drifting away, at least try to keep your face animated in an attempt to indicate you are still listening.
We are so excited about every individual in the production of Esther the Musical that I will be highlighting a different cast and creative team member during the month of April. Introducing Carlie McHale as Queen Vashti.
The burger was created solely to break the world record and to act as a publicity stunt however in order to meet the requirements laid down by Guinnes this monstrosity has to be on the menu at the cafe for at least a year.
On.
Each morning I stand at my kitchen window and watch a parade of hummingbirds visit my patio fountain. Thirteen of the sixteen species of hummingbirds found in North America have been sited in Arizona according Ron Dinchak, author of "Southwestern Landscaping." (an excellent resource, BTW).
Do his eyes speak to you...like they do to me?
It's time for a new Whimsical Wednesday Challenge. This time the challenge is "Celebrate Spring". Create any card or project to celebrate spring. This can be a spring image, colors, you decide how you celebrate spring.
But unbeknowst to me, there was no bloody upgrade wifi service on the train, GUTTED. So my back up plan was to perhaps watch some films. But alas, my tiny lil netbook has sacrificed being teeny and dandy for drive space, and therefore I dont have a cd drive. I do have an external hard drive though
This is where self-publication comes into its own. It is available to everyone and needn’t cost a penny if you choose a POD provider like Lulu, CreateSpace or Lightning Source (and yes, I’m well aware that there are other options out there and I hope you’ll suggest a few which aren't vanity publishers in disguise). POD providers allow you to download your text into a book template and add your own cover art or image (or they provide you with stock images which are copyright-cleared). The book will be available for sale through the POD provider’s website, and if you pay for an ISBN to add to the package you can also get it listed on Amazon and other online retailers. You’ll be able to correct or amend the book at any time, without paying any extra cost (although substantial alterations require a new ISBN, which you will have to pay for). But doing that will give you everything that a vanity publisher will give you, at a far lower cost.
“I hit some of the worst rounds of golf I have ever hit today,” Woods said. “It ‘s OK. I just hung there, adjusted my way around the golf course, remained patient, who was at that time. I could have shot one, maybe two more, but I had a lot of that round.”
Publisher: Henry Holt Books for Young Readers
Taggin all all of your cables – With all of the electronics, cables can easily over take our house and don’t even mention trying to move anything with cables! This is a great idea to get a handle on all of those cables.
He sings a love song,
Whether you are a small scale association looking forward to raise funds and help their work, or a bigger business or commercial marketing agency, rubber wristbands can be useful for you.
While this product is suggested primarily for shots you will save to your SL inventory, you can also use it to save the image to your computer as well. You will just need to be able to “trim” the HUD image from the picture using basic computer photo editing software. (I own a Mac and just do it in Pages, snippy snap.) (See my Flickr for an example of a picture saved to my computer before trimming.)
The fun and almost the addiction of growing fruit is the lure of “next year”. During a bad year one anticipates next year – with a better irrigation pump, a different variety, a new planting, etc. Even in a good year there is always something that was imperfect. This then draws the mind to the change that will make next year even better. Of course, that “next year” always brings some new challenge of its own. But, if I am doing my job, I shouldn’t experience the same issues each year.
Woo Hoo. The mailman delivered it today thankfully. I was beginning to sweat. I hugged it. Bruce took a picture of that! I think I might have had a tear in my eye..haha.
They will only get about 10% of the deals compared to the goal oriented seller that’s the difference for you as employer.
You can also search out names or phrases that have low competition for searches that you could take over fairly easily as well.
These chemicals would begin to enter the South African population either through drinking water or through produce irrigated with contaminated water.
Apr 30, 2012
He added: ‘But because they once were ...... they are still not comfortable enough with the new situation they’re in. ‘They still can’t accept the fact that they are completely accepted everywhere ..... it’s all in their minds.’
3. Across The Borderline 5'09
DW: How do you prove that?
There are several ways of reaching Leh but it depends on the route that would be open. Srinagar and Manali are the two major gateways to Leh Ladakh. Ladakh was under the administration of Leh until the 1st of July, 1979, when the Kargil and Ladakh administrative districts were created. Religion had been the cause of a lot of distress between Buddhists and Muslims since the late 20th century and was one of the main contributors of this division. Tibetan and Buddhist cultures have prevailed for centuries now in these two places of India. A lot of Buddhist monasteries are prominent pilgrimage centers in the country. Its colorful gompas have attracted devout Buddhists from all over the world.
† As is often the case with neighbors, there is a certain friendly rivalry that exists. I can’t resist relating this (possibly) apocryphal story:
We will continue to grow and increase, welded harmoniously, dedicated and sacred in the presence of the Lord. In Jesus and in fellowship with others we are being built up to form a home of God through the Holy Spirit and we now can approach the Almighty.
It snowed two days ago. Okay so it was not the 114 Cms that blitzed London,ON. But hey for someone who has seen nought but the dessert for the better part of their life, 10 cm is quite respectable.
The Koran states: "When the sacred months are past, kill those who join other gods wherever you find them, and seize them, beleaguer them, and lie in wait for them with every kind of ambush; but if they convert and observe prayer and pay the obligatory alms, let them go their way" (Koran 9:5).
Please post your comments/questions on The Space Show blog. If you have conference specific questions, you can use the Contact page on their website, http://glex2012.org/contact.
Maybe that’s a little dramatic, but I feel like it’s on par at this point.
Mandy Brent, the president of SPELD, a not-for-profit organisation providing support for dyslexia and other learning difficulties, attributes Mr Dimattina's success in building his own business to his tenacity and strong support and encouragement from his family. "That was a wonderful outcome," she says.
In a referendum election, all Mr. Romney has to do is satisfy voters that he’s competent, advocates sensible remedies to the nation’s economic dilemma, and plans to stop Uncle Sam’s profligate spending and not raise taxes. Romney is well-suited to accomplish all three aims. Romney’s character hasn’t been an issue through a grueling intraparty vetting; it shouldn’t be one in the General Election, despite anticipated efforts by Mr. Obama’s team and the left to do so.
Over the last couple of weeks, I received a variety of emails from people who read my recent blog entries on Tantra. Some were delighted to have greater clarity on the subject, feeling inspired by the idea of the body as a vehicle for the divine and an opportunity to practice witnessing pitfalls along the path. Others felt confused and upset at the idea that Tantra is not a sexual free-for-all. This pushed the button of their attachment to their libido. Everything that pushes our buttons gives us an opportunity to see ourselves in a new way. Aspects of our shadows are being highlighted for us to see, showing us ways in which we are attached to unfulfilled desires that may be outdated or may need voicing.
That didn’t surprise me in the least. I’ve always been the Hermione Granger of any group I was in.
We are chasing up further information on this decision and hope to be able to report on it in greater detail soon.
We had discussed getting a new SUV with a third row. Having seen the commericals for the Chevy Traverse, I was smitten. This could be the car that saved us from minivans. It could fit seven (or eight) comfortably. I could have room for two car seats plus all their stuff and still have more then one other adult in the car with us.
But this festival is different than many music festivals for a few reasons and again, that is why the hosts have decided to allow a public gathering on their sacred land:
But we were able to sustain interest due to Rey’s non-stop jokes, Benette’s
Do know what else to say. He has been referred to as the best quarterback coming out of college since John Elway. And that man was pretty damn good. Not to mention he led the Broncos two Super Bowls. So Colt fans get excited.
WW recommended pairing this stew with a salad of black beans and corn. So I made my own version.
Control-V was first used for paste in the QED editor.
Hagan lives near but not in the Atlantic Yards footprint; she suggested to Galinsky that one of the condo owners (as opposed to business owners or renters) seemed likely to resist Ratner’s buyout offer. “She said, ‘There’s this one guy, Dan Goldstein, I think you should meet him… he’s a fighter.’” And Galinsky and Goldstein were already friendly.
In the dance.
I repeat the above step several times over the different areas of the image. I suggest coloring large circles on a scrap piece of paper with your Copics, and play around with different cloths, socks etc.
And then, first come, first serve, which is why I always try to arrive early. Sift through the piles and begin to form your very own (pile). Make sure to keep a close eye on your finds, there are poachers!
Weng Hong cries hoarsely: Run! Puff. I overtake her. Puff. God, why are my legs so wobbly? Puff.
Moses assumed that the total responsibility of teaching, guiding and governing the Israelites fell on him. And so it is with many of us.
1/3 cup of water
But this ring is accidental, and it’s exclusiveness is a by-product. This according to Aristotle is placed among the virtues, because this is friendship. What a great lesson. These children could be taught to enlarge their circle of friends, instead of giving them a guilt-trip about their view-point, which has not even fully developed.
Do you become oblivious to your surroundings when you work? Can anyone accomplish anything substantial without being in the Zone?
The teams will be first launched in 13 “swing states,” including Iowa, Michigan, New Hampshire, New Mexico, North Carolina, Wisconsin, Arizona, Colorado, Florida, Minnesota, Nevada, Ohio and Virginia.
The gifts you can choose from are far too many to list, but here are a few:
In addition to the medal-winners, the Award Committee designated twenty-seven Notable Books of Jewish Content for 2011: thirteen in the Younger Readers Category, seven in the Older Readers Category, and seven for Teens. Notable titles, and more information about the Sydney Taylor Book Award, may be found online at www.SydneyTaylorBookAward.org.
We tend to assume our senses are accurate, but research has shown time and again that what we believe that we see, hear, taste, touch or smell can easily be primed by what we expect to experience. See Rachel Herz: The Scent of Desire. Much of what we sense seems to be what we imagine we sense. At the same time, we often ignore or dismiss as ordinary the sounds and sights we see every day, and we don’t seem capable of perceiving most odors once we’ve been around them for a while.
pushing buttons
Myths and Myth Busters of Repair and Parts Websites
<U+FEFF><U+FEFF><U+FEFF><U+FEFF><U+FEFF>Next came the talent time. I can remember learning my dance on a Tuesday and starting to practice it with what little time I had left before Saturday. I loved to make mom nervous when I was in dance when I was younger (I'd never practice but be just fine on stage later on). I decided to do a folk reading / tap dance as my talent because I really just didn't want to make a decision which one I liked better. I have been beseda (polka) dancing since I was little but could not figure out how to do a polka dance on my own since this is mainly a partner type of dance style. I've also been a dancer since I was little so that part I knew would be easy to do.
I think the best chance of learning more about him would be to access the records of Buchenwald since his Prisoner number 7073 and cellblock 38D, are both clearly listed on his letter. Perhaps other records would indicate his ethnicity.
B: "Baby Mason is my cousin"
Part 1 is Newcastle Quayside to Lemington Point(link) a distance of around 4 miles. Vickers Armstrong works and other factories meant I had to come away from the Tyne up onto Scotswood Road for a large stretch of this walk.
Look at the example of Moses. He was in the backside of the desert and was conversing with God at the burning bush. Moses was objecting to God’s demands and in Exodus 4: 14-15 we read;
Not long after starting my first (and current) full-time social work position, one of my clients experienced something eerily similar to the very something I identify as most connected to my decision to enter this field. The potential comparisons seemed endless. Her father’s death was equally unexpected. She was the same age and in the same grade. It happened during the same month. And for me, it wasn’t just the experience, but everything that didn’thappen afterwards that eventually made propelled me towards social work. So of course I felt immediately that this was it—that this was the moment where I had to be for her what no one was for me.
I paid 7.50 for the shit.
I wonder if people are giving them too much credit because of what Slow’s means to the city in terms of hopes for a turnaround. These guys could’ve opened anywhere else, but they chose to make a go of it in the heart of urban blight. There’s no arguing how commendable that is. But the cynic in me thinks that the lure of incredibly cheap rent made opening it and turning a profit a lot easier. And I wonder if a big portion of the appeal is that it’s sooo different from it’s surroundings. It’s like when an average-looking person surrounded by heinously ugly people starts to look a heckuva lot better. In this case, you have an above average restaurant across the street from this -
I had an interview with Adrian McKinty (right) published in the Irish Examiner recently. It ran a lot like this: Taboo or not taboo, that is the question. Adrian McKinty’s latest novel, THE COLD COLD GROUND, has for its backdrop one of the most contentious topics in recent Irish history, the IRA hunger strikes of 1981.
Well, when that happened, I started an official grievance against him via the university’s Human Resources section, because I reckoned he was stopping me from doing what I was being paid to do (I was at the time part-funded via Intute).
And the one final picture that I just thought turned out pretty, and shows off my dish washing liquid. I made that while everything was drying. It just seemed like the fun thing to do ….. and something a little different than just the house.
I'm well aware of our country's history of racism and violence, but I truly believe we are better than this filth. As we attempt to rise above our difficult past and look toward a better future, we don't need the New York Post to resurrect the images of Jim Crow to deride the new administration and put black folks in our place. Please feel free to criticize and honestly evaluate our new president, but do so without the incendiary images and rhetoric.
Worse even than Roberts, were that possible, was her colleague Duff Wilson, who was to become the main Times reporter covering the case and who, in a 5,700 word page 1 article published on August 25 2006, claimed that the prosecutors had strong evidence to continue pursuing the case against the three defendants, when, in fact no such evidence existed. Wilson did not admit that he report was primarily based on hand written notes prepared, from memory, by one policeman written months after the event, and which conveniently fudged or amended inconsistencies .Some may ask why should he admit it?, the policeman's notes told the story he wanted to report.
The weather is changing so quick these days. Sun, rain, sun, rain etc. I can't following it anymore.
Well, was i lucky, it was my day at home. The only thing i was going to do was to spend some lovely time in my craft room.
Wash and dry cilantro bunch right after getting it home. I spread out the stems on a paper towel. Remove any slimy or browning stems.
of someone or something
un-silenced.
With all of the bad weather we were expected to get this past weekend and tornado season just around the corner I took the time to create a "survival kit" for us to keep in the basement. I know the kit wouldn't really save us if a catastropic situation arose but I'd like to think it'd help out in an emergency situation. I personally do not believe in the whole the world is ending crap (see the article on Apocalypse if needed) but I do believe that you should be prepared for emergency situations at all times. Ether it be a terrorist attack, a snow storm or a tornado it's something to be considered. So here's a list of SOME of the things I had time to throw together, I have more things I'd like to add just don't have all of them quite yet, and I'm gonna need another tote!
Peel and slice thinly 4-8 apples. (This is a good task for someone else to do while you make the ‘crisp’ part.)
Not contributing to the home financially! That makes my blood boil. When you leave the workforce to work at home, it is your job to manage the home with the money available to you. What is careful shopping for bargains, meal planning, stockpiling, making green cleaners, baking bread, making soap, cooking from scratch, recycling, mending, buying in bulk, caring for children? What are all these things if not contributing to the financial viability of the home? There is more than one way to contribute. Homemakers work as part of a team - there is a homemaker and a breadwinner. Both equally important. They can be a male homemaker and female breadwinner, or the other way around, they can be the same sex. One makes the money, the other uses it wisely to care for the family and pay the bills. If we don't value these partnerships of one breadwinner and one homemaker or two breadwinners who are part-time homemakers, then we lose out as a society. Our countries are populated by families with children who raise those children to take on the role of breadwinners and homemakers when it comes to be their time. We are not a solely a commercial enterprise. We are not working primarily to keep the country going, although that is a valuable side benefit, we're working to provide a good life for our families. We have a human component that is vital and without it we fail - morally and commercially.
Stephanopoulos: that’s amazing
The Poem Gallery is changed every April during National Poetry Month. If you live within the Vancouver Island Regional Library System, and if you would like to submit 1 or 2 SHORT poems for consideration for next year’s Poem Gallery, email them as a Word document to Anthony Martin at amartin@virl.bc.ca
Then I sprayed on a couple coats of Valspar clear gloss sealer to give them extra durability and water-proofing.
Bake for about 45 minutes. Can be eaten hot or cold!
we're shooting for the 26??
NOTE: Answer not a fool according to his folly, lest thou also be like unto him
The unknown will hit all of us. Some of our rigors are physical, some are mental or spiritual. What challenges can you anticipate? And how can you prepare yourself for the unexpected?
dissolve it
**EDIT: A quick note about fabric. I used two yards of SOLID color fabric for this project. If you want to use a pattern (which I don't really recommend for tufting, unless the scale is super small), you'll have to piece together two or three panels of the fabric so that the piece is wide enough and so that the pattern matches up and runs the right way. Better yet, just use a solid fabric :) You can run the fabric horizontally (called railroading) and just get two yards and call it good.
I decided to make my way back into the realm of the 21st century, not because I was having withdrawals and couldn't live without it, but because it was frustrating that every time we wanted to look something up we couldn't. Every time we wanted to check a bank balance or try to make vacation plans or look for ideas to redo the closet, we had to either bug someone else or do it after work. It was inconvenient.
Harry Beckett - Trumpet & Flugelhorn
Than they’ll ever know
Before we have dinner together, it's probably appropriate if I introduce myself. I'm Jen. I have this little blog called Jen's Favorite Cookies where I post about... well... cookies, mostly. And other desserts and snacks. I enjoy baking, and photographing everything I eat, and writing about all my kitchen adventures. I'm feeling pretty awesome about guest posting for Adele today. It was the perfect opportunity to post a dinner recipe, which is something I so rarely do.
Usually, Sci-Fi books are not illustrated, although one can easily claim that many graphic novels are indeed Sci-Fi in nature. Alas, I can’t help but be attracted by drawn images, and I decided early on that Genesis would be illustrated. I believe drawings work with prose to better share what an author envisions than either mode of communication can do alone. My doctoral work at Penn State examined this area, with numerous studies indicating that simultaneously enlisting semantic and visuospatial resources greatly enhances attention acquisition and memory formation.
It would seem that the majority of the trouble had been during the late afternoon, that it hadn't left the city centre and had stayed within the ring road. http://www.expressandstar.com/news/2011/08/10/223338/
1 denoted
But then I realised there was. I’d tied my hair back.
6) Fold in 1/3 of the whites into the yolk mixture using a rubber spatula till incorporated.
If I’ve missed you or someone you think should be here, please leave me a comment and I’ll add them. It’s not a slight but an oversight which I’m very, very happy to correct.
They see His signal flashing,
In all types of literature, secular and sacred, ancillary features of a narrative are often used to make a point loosely related to the main thrust(s) of the story. The presence of secondary or tertiary themes need not detain the exegete to the same degree as the story’s plotline, character development, and recurring motifs. As an example from English literature, no one familiar with James Joyce’s Ulysses would assume that bar patrons in the town of Dublin constitute a major area of interest for the story. The bar patrons, along with the other residents of Dublin, help to create a realistic picture of the physical setting in which the story takes place. To spend too much time focusing on these ancillary elements of the story would be to badly misread Joyce’s intent. Joyce is concerned to a much greater degree with issues like sexual desire, anti-semitism, and death. The authenticity of the Dublin scenery merely serves as a backdrop to the story.
Media: Work submitted may be in any media, including painting, drawing, photography, printmaking, sculpture, ceramics, video, digital imagery, etc.
In case you’d like a better look , here’s the trailer:
On Sunday I ran in the Fayetteville 1/2 Marathon! Going into the race, I was feeling as strong mentally and physically as I ever have! I ran my last 2 long runs(9 mi and 10 mi) at a 6:53 min/mile pace!! I also had a great 2 weeks of tapering(I started a little early due to having graduates school finals)! I was all set to hit a new PR and finish in the low 6:50 min/mile range!
But still – what to call it instead of Coach? “model-helper”, “model-assistant” or what do you think?
MiCasa was developed in partnership with local poor families, aid organizations and local industry to get families out of tents and into homes of their own. Bolstered by the executive, real estate, and social venture experience of his father, the vision of a gifted architect (Fernando Castro), and the skills of a brilliant Caltech mechanical engineer (Robert Metcalf), Cesar is ready to roll. The team has developed a pilot development in Barranquito to build simple, steel-reinforced homes of adobe brick for 70 families; the second project will be 500 homes on land already purchased outside Chincha.
So, here are some highlights, in no particular order (mostly because it's taking me forever to arrange the stupid pictures on here)...
I wondered if it was me who had the problem?
The motif forms the basis of certain ghost stories, such as M. R. James' "Number 13." In this story, an old Danish hotel, occupying what once was a medieval building, has a room 12 and a room 14 next to each other, the 13 omitted for superstitious reasons (as is common enough). Each is a large room with three windows at one end. Ah, but when night falls, a room 13 mysteriously appears between the two. 12 and 14 grow narrower and lose each a window to number 13. There are weird sounds and grotesque silhouettes to be seen opposite that particular room on the wall of an adjacent building where the light shines out through the hotel's windows onto the blank surface. I won't spoil the rest of the story, but medieval deviltry is involved. The point is, the old room appears and disappears in the presence of the Supernatural, and sometimes we mortals get caught in this netherworld and experience it too.
Enter Friend 2. Upon hearing of our search, she offered to let me have a vintage dining set that had belonged to her husband’s mother. Yes, let me have. As in—for free. She knew it was for another friend of mine, and that they had no money. So out of the goodness of her heart, she donated to our “cause.”
October 21, 1911 saw the release of Der Müller und sein Kind (The Miller and his Child), currently believed to be the oldest surviving Austrian film. Although it was based on a romantic melodrama written by the dramatist Ernst Raupach, it contains enough supernatural elements to be included here. The plot concerns a poor miller's son who wants to wed a rich miller's daughter, but her father is vocally against the romance. A dramatic turn of events sees the death of the girl and her father, both of which are foreshadowed by the appearances of the bird of death and a ghost appearing in a gothic graveyard. Interestingly, the same production company (Kolm/Fleck) had made the same movie the previous year, but none of that footage is believed to have survived.
MY SYNOPSIS
DAY 29– Love’s Motivation
MICHIELS B, PHILIPS H, COENEN S, DENEKENS J, VAN ROYEN PAUL. Serum antibodies against circulating influenza strains among vaccinated and unvaccinated general practitioners during two consecutive years (2002-2003). Vaccine 2006; 24: 3145-3152.
The Department received a large number of responses to its recent consultation on the White Paper and the associated proposals for a new public health outcomes framework, and for funding and commissioning of public health services in the newly defined system. Responses to the consultation were used to inform ‘Healthy Lives, Healthy People: Next Steps and Way Forward’, which sets out the key elements of the new public health system. This can be accessed at the link below:
Sounds like Kelly is out too. She said, "I am comfortable with being on a slate who wants me for who I am, not because I have ovaries."
He looks at his long underwear as he removes them and then he looks at me and asks:
By performing soft tissue therapy, you are simultaneously decreasing the density of your tissues. As a result of this phenonmenon, your muscles become more responsive to stretching/mobility drills, which in turn allows the antagonist muscle to efficiently fire. Have you ever tried to stretch a band, which is bound by a knot? If so, you may recall that as you stretched the band, the knot appeared to grow tighter. Therefore, instead of a band, imagine your muscles being bound with the previously mentioned knot and your choice to stretch prior to foam rolling. Simply put, if you are hoping to improve the health of your tissues, be sure to roll before stretching/mobilizing.
FOR the last couple of years, I have been excited to see that Scholastic has started to begin to offer ebooks as an option through their book order program. When I got my iPads, I was thrilled at the prospect of getting books on the iPads for kids to read through a company I respect and support. When I received a grant for ebooks, I immediately looked into Scholastic’s program, as they often offer books at affordable prices and I would be able to stretch my money farther…always looking to do that.
The Media Institute, organized in I972 and funded by corporate-wealthy patrons, sponsors monitoring projects, conferences, and studies of the media. It has focused less heavily on media failings in foreign policy, concentrating more on media portrayals of economic issues and the business community, but its range of interests is broad. The main theme of its sponsored studies and conferences has been the failure of the media to portray business accurately and to give adequate weight to the business point of view, but it underwrites works such as John Corry’s expose of the alleged left-wing bias of the mass media. The chairman of the board of trustees of the institute in I985 was Steven V. Seekins, the top public-relations officer of the American Medical Association; chairman of the National Advisory Council was Herbert Schmertz, of the Mobil Oil Corporation.
2. Energie cardigan, $4.49
to the slim trees grown tall,
making its way around orange tree
Henna Black IPA
that lived them;
But the little joy is that my mom gave me a eBay gift card and I decided to try out the Freya Deco again, this time in a 32FF. Wish me luck?
So, yeah, it’s been quite an eye opening experience to train my colleague. And that has occupied my mind for most part of April (as well as one other thing, but I’ll tell you about it later) so I haven’t had any time to write, or even plan. I’ve been so exhausted every evening when I’ve come home that I’ve almost gone to bed immediately. Hopefully, the next weeks are going to be a bit less occupied. I’m still only employed 32 hours per week (yep, overtime -big time- the two last weeks) and I’m hoping they wont increase them.
My lips move back to your throat, and my hand reaches around to squeeze a breast and tweak your hard nipple. You moan with pleasure, and I stay right there, kissing and stroking you. I can feel you relax, and I very slowly push a fraction of an inch of my shaft into you. You grunt and then moan, so I pause, and then push slowly for another split second.
I don’t like you feeling afraid of the future.
E-book, e-book publishing, create ebook,
Sue Kreke Rumbaugh’s I Want to Be a Writer
Mr Tsvangirai is not weak enough to have to accept this poisoned chalice.
I woke up to the husband making pancakes (from Bisquick, which are my favorites.) Rich cooks three things, steaks, pancakes and lately, a decent omelette. The pancakes and steaks are my favorites, and right now he is out there getting the grill ready for steaks, so double win for me today on the food front.
Next came my parents. Over Sunday lunch the conversation went quiet. I took my chance. “Mum, Dad, I have something to say” They looked at me quizzical as I continued, “I have been living a lie. I can live it no longer. I need to leave the closet” My father’s eyes expanded in surprise “I am a beer geek, I like to drink pongy dark beer, pongy light beer, and the pongier the better. Whether cask, bottle, can or craft. Whether macro or micro, if it reeks I love it. I like to comment on the cascade hops and talk about resinous quality in the after taste. I’M STLL YOUR SON; GODDAMMIT” I put my head in my hands and my father put his arm around me “You’ll always be our son, and we’ll always love you. Even if you’re a beer geek. Have you considered homosexuality? That’s quiet fashionable and may even be healthier than heavy drinking.”- “Beer geekery is fashionable dad. It’s all the rage. Have you not read the cask report? And beer geekery isn’t about getting pissed. We neck pong for the taste, not to get pissed. We are quite boring that way” I replied.
in the tall grass, or deer
Here they go again, have the WTO strangle nation-states into submission by lending and retracting agricultural funding.
These love token paperweights are made with one-of-a-kind collages that I have created from aged, stained, and water
Press 1 if you are the youngest male adult in your household.
Side effects are nausea, an unpleasant feeling of fullness, and possibly an increased risk of pancreatitis. Because the drugs are not exact replicas of human GLP-1 there is also the possibility of the body's immune system generating antibodies which reduce its effectiveness. Future development work is taking place around reducing the number of injections by producing a longer-acting version, and slow release via an implantable device.
If what I’ve written about God is true, then my 7 year old self had no reason to worry that there was a higher being who enjoyed seeing her suffer.
You can find a quick explanation of Groovy Mums by clicking here http://kateonthinice.wordpress.com/how-to-be-a-groovy-mum/. If you read this, you should have an idea of whether this is for you or not at this time. From my point of view, all mums are welcome.
I am on my way to my friend Md Asif’s house for dinner with my son, Aniruddh, and my wife, Meera, when my mobile phone rings. It is from my school friend Pramod as it shows on the mobile. (I had met him in Hyderabad on the 21st of December 2009 and we had a great time together after nearly 27 years! He met Meera and my son Aniruddh for the first time back then.)
Now, I say 'small', though I consider that to be a relative term. Hear me out.
After running down the sidewalk for several yards, ignoring the pain that exists in her arm and shoulder, Shannon decides to cut across the street. It’s not until she begins to cross the street that the New World Power members who are on foot come out of the building, and it takes them a moment to spot her. And with the member in the van, he doesn’t spot her until she begins to head behind the van. When he spots her, it is in his side view mirror. He doesn’t recognize her at first, but when she comes across on the other side of the van, something clicks in the driver’s head, causing him to stop the van. Recognizing her, the driver curses himself for not being more attentive.
Thank goodness for photography. I just love these pictures so much.
‘i’m so sorry,’ she whispered, and sighed. ‘i’m sitting here, bitching about something so incredibly trivial, and you have been so nice to listen, even though you are having a much worse day than i am.’
by Michael Gannon, Associate Editor
Tim Wallach
1: $20,000???!?!?!?!?!
This week I did not have a plan. I was winging it. NOT GOOD. Who knew a margarita had 9 points (5 with the old plan..new points I can't use the 50 cal per point method to guesstimate)? I would have known should I have planned my dinner the other night. Who knew that bologna (yes I like it on white mushy wonder bread) had 3 points per slice and the worlds smallest bologna sandwich is 11 points? I would have if I looked up the dang points before putting 2 slices between 2 slices of bread with a slice o' cheese. NOM NOM!
Certainly the number of regulars that I see down at the beach all year round would indicate a strong attraction to the experience. However there is also a sense of community amongst the regular beach goers and that also adds to the motivation.
And that was fine with me. You see, I'd naively latched onto the idea that Shakespeare was "really hard," and, as an insecure perfectionist, I didn't want to risk my GPA on the supposedly incomprehensible work of a dead British playwright. Give me, instead, the comparative safety of shark dissections, chemical equations, and essay writing!
On the other hand, if I don’t do it hard enough, she comes up mad and nothing has changed. However she has a real limit as to how hard she can take it, and it changes occasionally, so it’s a real challenge at times.
Leopold Bloom visits the National Museum principally to contemplate the arses of the statues within. There were a number of arseholes in here when we dropped by, too, but we didn't find them arousing in the way Bloom did. Autres temps, autres mœurs.
Lemon Rosemary Salmon
9. Rigal 8:59
The best part about it was a sign that was filmed at the beginning which read "'Bloody' Good Firework. The placement of the quotations marks was truly delightful.
Josh Berk - The Dark Days of Hamburger Halpin
I didn't really care for The Huntress. I think it was the cream that threw me off. I read cherry and triple sec thinking it was going to be a strong but fruity drink. It was strong! But not that fruity. After I didn't like it, I didn't have the balls to try The Hunter.
Here's how you can win:
Day Thirty-Seven Tuesday April 24 (Inca Trail day Two)
The actual content of your site is very important in search engine indexing and also to your visitor. Therefore it is wise to use as many terms as possible that describe your post of topic. There more keywords you have the more effective it is for the search engine to match it with a search.
Opportunities don’t always come to us. Most opportunities are created.
Just looking at other people's blogs after not being on here in a while, really energizes me. We have a total compassion for this! It is an awesome feeling to see so many families in the States reaching out to orphans, as well as orphans around the globe! What an awesome expression of Christ's love! I am very encouraged by all the people on here.
I learned through experience and on the job training. I wanted to be able to convey the basics then build lessons for more complex studio images. The book became somewhat of challenge but once I started it shaped up nicely.
For non-Scandinavians wondering how big an event NobelPrize Day is, this Swedish TV site gives you a good idea. http://svt.se/nobel
I think you guys will understand when I tell you I have a Problem. A Book Problem. In that if I see something I want, I will snatch it up, regardless of how many more books I have waiting for me. This leads to a sizable backlog in my To Read pile. And between a trip to Chamblin Bookmine (pictured above) with my mom, all the free books I snagged in San Diego, and the inevitable trek to the Borders sale, my pile is getting bigger and bigger.
Ocean trout with pomegranate jelly and spanner crab with a Vietnamese-style dressing
I know I've been MIA. I have a good reason though. I've been working on a manuscript for a book that will be coming out next year. If you want more information on it, sign up for my newsletter. Scroll down my blog a bit and on the left, you'll see a blue box that reads Get News and Book Updates from Dawn. Fill in your email address and you'll get my newsletter.
Proximity is not the only close connection between our wallets and our bodies. Finances and health have a legitimately close relationship. Let’s take on two challenges at once by maximizing our calorie deficit and minimizing our financial one. All we need is a plan and the determination to follow through.
* investors in new products and services are more confident of seeing a return on their investors when free-riders are kept at bay for a reasonable period.
Parties
the ones towards the top are ‘wrong’ side up – that
585 D-VI/8/1969. “Prudence and Principle: Aristotle and The Melian Dialogue.” Basic Program Graduation, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois.
Stuff Your Rucsack is a charity, set up by BBC Presenter Kate Humble in the UK, and is a very simple idea, which has enormous potential to benefit millions around the world. Anyone can sign up and anyone can list a need, and if people are going on holiday, then they look up the country they plan to visit, and find someone that they think they can help. That might be something as simple as pens for a school in Africa, or dog treats for a dog shelter, or calpol for an orphanage, pictures for the wall, or a book with pictures in it.
First things first, Abrams gives us a most sincere flattery here as he demonstrates a by-the-book tour of everything we go to a Steven Spielberg movie for, right down to his own script. The kids are all wide-eyed and full of their own ideas and immediate plans. Cary is never without a backpack full of firecrackers and matches. Charles is the tubby kid with big ideas and looking to his friends for validation of same. Martin is the quiet four-eyed kid with a quiet demeanor and queasy stomach. Preston is the gangly kid who usually hangs with the others because, well, what else does he have to do? Alice is the mysterious girl who has a kind of danger to her because... she's a girl! How much more mysterious could she be?
The ascendancy isn’t as complete as it should be, but you’ll get acclimated to it eventually.
Kristen's teacher had no idea how it happened. She just sent Kristen immediately down to the director's office. The mom said that her daughter and Kristen had finished their cutting project at the table. Kristen than turned to her daughter and said "do you want to play beauty shop?" At that moment, I think Kristen just then proceeded to "play beauty shop" and cut her hair. Her daughter was not upset at all, but I bet more shocked that Kristen just had cut her hair. Not that this makes cutting anyone's hair right, but the intent and learning how it happened made me feel better. We just need to teach Kristen that beauty shop with real scissors is a bad idea. Once again, that filter she has and needs help with. She did not mean to do anything bad and did not even do it just because. She thought it was okay. What a blessing that this mom helped us figure this out...
I wrote back "Were out. See you at the house later."
It kind of grossed me out.
“Shhh.” The man held a finger to his lips and hushed him angrily. “Do you want them to hear you?”
*I do not believe that the intervention in Libya was primarily motivated by Western thirst for Libyan oil but a serious analysis of the consequences of the intervention must take into account the fact that many people around the world believe that was the primary motivation. Perceptions matter even if one disagrees with them.
It can be argued that we are seeing a similar moral inexactitude in relation to the Iraq War where senior government ministers, including the prime minister, will happily ignore the advice of experienced international lawyers at the Foreign Office in favour of the shifting sands views of the Attorney-General. Lord Bingham, a former Lord Chief Justice, stated the other day that in his view (a view shared by many lawyers) the Iraq War was illegal. Never was it more clear the distinction between Doves and Hawks – but in this case, the Hawks appear to be prepared to ignore the existence of international law because the law is ‘finely balanced’ and, more important, there is no Court to determine the issue. It seems that we are also prepared to compromise our ethico-moral and legal position in relation to torture by being ‘complicit’ in the activities of American military torturers.
I’ve been anticipating this show with all excitement since I’m a certified MINHO fan. I’ve been waiting for his next project and was very intrigued knowing his going to play a “gay” role. This is very interesting for him to play since it’s opposite of his character in Boys Over Flowers. But it turned out that his character really is not a “gay” and far to act like one. There are just certain circumstances in this series that was seasoned with malice and the “hidden agenda” tactic hence the plot of being pretend gay.
... there is no better song...
We ate salmon!
We planted more spinach and more kale to supplement the spinach and kale we already have growing. And then we added 3 kinds of lettuces, collards, broccoli and beets. Yes, we really do love greens in our family. :)
Today was one of those days.
But first, he needs a wife...
The tilt toward the feminine and dissipative (i.e. “peace, equity and social justice”) is in compensation for past yang excesses. Like the Judaic precursors, for instance the prophet Samuel urging King Saul to slaughter the Amalekites, the Church has had centuries of yang eruptions. Catholic Popes sired multiple children and rode off to battle in resplendent armor (e.g. Julius II). Arnaud Amalric, Cistercian abbot and papal legate, asked by the commander of the crusader army how to deal with the besieged town of Béziers, including its women and children, answered, “Kill them all, the Lord will recognize His own." The year was 1209, but the Cathars of Béziers were French Christians, if fundamentalists. That hurts.
It’s not just a Google project either. It seems like everyone has gotten aboard the augmented reality train. From comic books, to magazines, to hotels, to sports teams, to Nasa, almost everyone sees some application for augmented reality. Whether it’s enhancing your product (comics/magazines), selling ever more advertisements (ahem, Google), or helping pilots prevent plane crashes (NASA), most companies and organizations realize that augmented reality is the future. Perhaps, but do people actually want to augment their reality, and if they do, what does it mean to want to augment reality?
Make sure the garlic is well cooked and starts to get soft before you add some white wine to flavor the garlic further.
The drug gabapentin, which the U.S. successfully sued its maker for over US$2 billion dollars due to aggressive false marketing to doctors (oh – the pharamaceutical salespeople), is an anticonvulsant that was prescribed to me for side effects of one of the popular modern antidepressants, specifically, restless legs. Unfortunately, unlike most cases of restless legs, mine affected me throughout most parts of the day, and thus, I was prescribed gabapentin, off-label, ’round the clock (it is now approved only for night time usage for this condition). As a result, my personality changed; I became uncharacteristically violent and angry at times. I began to seek out the use of drugs and alcohol, despite the fact that I was previously a surprisingly committed teetotaler for a 20-something white middle-class college student. And because the effects of the drug were so insidious, my life spiraled completely out of control to the point that I was, for the first time in my life, involuntarily hospitalized.
Dialogue: 6,0:00:06.25,0:00:09.20,Default,,0000,0000,0000,,When you think “high school life”, the word “rose-colored” comes to mind.
This is a very simple design that works very, but will get very hot and last a long time. So please make sure that you are using it outside, or in a place that can withstand the heat of the can.
I APOLOGIZE TO ALL OF MY READERS! I AM TRULY SORRY TO BE ENDING THIS BLOG AND THE CHALLENGES BUT YOU DESERVE SOMEONE WHO WON'T DO A HALF-ASSED JOB AT IT! IF I CAN'T ENJOY DOING WHAT I'M DOING, I JUST DON'T SEE THE POINT IN CONTINUING.
Newcastle have not won in their last 18 league visits to Stamford Bridge, and have failed to win in their last seven visits to London. But current form would suggest otherwise, they have won six of their last seven games, their only defeat coming at Wigan last weekend.
First thing is don’t panic. It’s the very worst thing you can do. If you’d panic them we will talk about that here in a minute. When you completely felt out and have emotional breakdowns, it only confirms their decision to break up and it pushes them further away.
- scrape this into a pre-greased and lined 25cm spring-form tin, sprinkle with the sliced almonds and bake in the oven at 180c for 45mins or until golden and risen
My challenge for you is to "Use Something You've Been Hoarding." My favorite color is purple, and I've been hanging onto this last piece of Echo Park dsp for some time now, so I decided to just give in and use it :) Another hoarded item is that great piece of mesh I added to this card for a little "beachy" interest. I colored the image with Copics, and paper-pieced the umbrella with matching dsp. The image and sentiment are by SNSS called Ocean Paradise and I die cut it using a SB labels eighteen. The clouds were sponged on using Ranger tumbled glass ink and a hand-made cloud template. I can't help but wish I was sitting in that chair right about now :)
I haven't used my fountain pens a lot this summer. It's not that I was bored or anything-- I just started writing with gel pens more often. But I randomly resumed writing with fountain pens a few weeks ago. Cleaning out pens, refilling them, writing gibberish on any available paper...it's all a time to sit down, pause, and reflect.
d) “Does he have to do an act pleasing to God and if so, is this is a meritorious act? (Yep!)”
I heard his throaty chuckle and glared at him. This only made him laugh more. I tried once again to break his hold but as the last couple danced under our arms, he pulled me to him and gave me a look which weakened my legs.
Sep 02 Edmonton, AB, Canada – SONiC BOOM
This time? If the past is any predictor of the future, the deliberately nonhierarchical Occupy Wall Street movement, with its fuzzy messages and vague goals, is not going to leave a major mark.
Living in the full acceptance of our vulnerability, is the way to a more fulfilling life and enlightenment. Not controlling, not being controlled too though. Not upholding disaster in mind simply because this life is risk, but not looking to find shelter and hide either. It is a middle path, like the tight rope walker’s path. He or she knows that there is always a probability of a fall but they use that probability to keep them securely on the rope; to be alert, to take the next step freely but with measure (“to move with all deliberate speed” as one American High Court judge had said (if I remember rightly)) and to keep moving forward because there is no place to stop and remain idle. Life here moves ever forward like a flowing river.
It’s a double-edged sword – a post that doesn’t go well in with certain values or image of a company would jeopardise my chances, and if an employer finds out more about my character and likes it, it’s an advantage.
Citizen Ruth
Besides these subversive acts, similar pattern of attacks have kept on going in 2009. On December 4, suicide assaulters stormed a mosque in Rawalpindi, killing 40 people. On December 28, a blast in the middle of the Muharram procession killed more than 25 persons in Karachi as the Shias across the country were celebrating the key holy day of Ashoura. On June 12, a suicide bomber killed five people including anti-Taliban cleric Dr. Sarfraz Naeemi in Lahore.
Gregg Berger … Watch Commander
Our thoughts and prayers go out to those folks.
married: before 1846
Malware and viruses come in a number of different shapes and sizes. What a lot of people don’t realize is that Trojan viruses and malware all have one important thing in common. Specifically, Trojan viruses and malware use a particular tactic to infect a computer. They all prey on a computer user’s desires to find their way onto a system. Through their attachment and affiliation with a computer program that is desirable or perhaps even seemingly helpful to their computer, they get downloaded and start to do their work on the computer’s hard drive.
So we decided it was time to get the trim put up that we've always been meaning to get up. And of course that meant the ceiling needed to be painted so it would match the trim. One thing always leads to another! But we managed to get it done in time for the shower and I think it turned out pretty good! Sorry for the bad picture though, it is hard to get a good picture with windows in that doesn't reflect the flash or have too much sunlight making it hard to see the curtains.
Wow, if I was rich and woke up with David Beckham every morning you would never get a cheesy grin off MY face.
2 to 3 days before roasting: Begin thawing the turkey in the refrigerator or in a cooler kept at 38 degrees F.
Happy Easter all! Want to apologize for the days that Photomontagery was blank! My computer was a little moody and would not let me upload any photos….gotta love technology, when it works. Just some captures with no rhyme or reason, ones of life! Thank you for viewing and peace and love to everyone!
This is what I ended up with at the end of my bed . Yes, a dog bed. I don't think I will be changing it anytime soon. So how about you guys, do you have anything at the end?
But it’s hard to be still. My children embody (and create) this difficulty for me. We have a green and yellow painted table where Penny and William are supposed to eat breakfast. They sit in their little chairs for all of three minutes, and then one of them pops up. “I need to give you a hug,” Penny says. Or William, carefully carrying his cereal bowl, announces, “I would like to eat on the floor.” Or they want to open the microwave or feed Marilee a spoonful of baby food or run into the playroom “just for a minute.” They aren’t being intentionally disobedient. They get distracted. It’s hard to be still.
There’s a man in Iran who got a death sentence because he believes in Christ. And there’s a child in Togo who’s waiting on a letter from me. What? How can this be? All around me I see hate and love, anger and forgiveness, bitterness and freedom, grief and joy. This world is doing a very strange dance, it seems. Good and evil as partners–right?
1) Happy March! It's the first day of Spring! (In my head, anyway). We haven't had much winter but I'm ready for those ocassional cold days to be completely behind us. Plus, I also kind of love the stormy season we have here. Don't so much love the kids being confined to the house on rainy days but I love, love, love a good night time thunderstorm.
bear multi- coloured shopping
Item #: CPTW-M1201-03
The March 2011 issue of the Journal of Intellectual Property Law & Practice (JIPLP) is now available online to subscribers. The contents -- which are available to everyone -- can be viewed here. The Editorial for this issue takes a look at recent IP-oriented developments in the world's fastest-growing economy, China. It reads like this:
Best of luck to Sims. No matter where he winds up, he’ll always be considered one of Bama’s.
After researching a bit into this topic, I found out that another researcher put down the foundation stones of my question – what are the cultural differences in general? This researcher was named Geert Hofstede, and his research experiments that he did with IBM employees ties perfectly well into how these cultural differences are played out online. Overall, there are allegedly six binary categories in which societies fall towards one or the other spectrum. If you would like to read more on this, ask me for the PDF file.
33. Unhappy Rabbits
The tracker was deciding what to do. It seemed obvious that someone – perhaps their quarry – was holed up inside the maintenance shed. The door remained undisturbed but there were signs of dirt movement near the rear of the building. It seemed that there was the distinct possibility of a camouflaged entrance in the area where the dirt had been moved – perhaps a tunnel of some sort.
and just about the best book yet on NI.
Though much post-disaster aid was used unproductively, some of it effectively built up Haitian institutions that predated the earthquake. One of the most exciting of these local organizations is the country’s leading microfinance institution, Fonkoze (Creole for “shoulder-to-shoulder foundation”).
1:00- 4:00 pm
In your ownway,
My One and Only
8) Netflix - ability to enjoy unlimited Films and television episodes, on line. Perfect when you are working away and trying to avoid the hotel bar! Available on PS3, Wii, Xbox, PC, Mac, iPad, Apple TV.
Because Owen Dudley Edwards had set out the name cards in alphabetical order by surname, all of the absent candidates were to his right and all of the attending candidates to his left: he asked us not to draw any political meaning from that coincidence.
I clung to the roof, while John bravely ventured to the edge of the stage to help the second guide rotate the entire mechanism around the vertical axis, demonstrating how they adjust for different wind directions.
Some years ago, back in the so-called Thatcherite boom years, I met a secondary school teacher who'd moved from London to the West Country. Having taught in some tough schools in South London, she thought she'd seen everything. She was wrong. She found that for young people in the town she lived in, there were only three career choices: university, the armed forces or the dole. In this woman's own words:
This was a fun project and Grandma loved it! Thanks to all my extended family for all your help getting the pictures.
The author, Maureen Sterans, B.A., M.S. has really hit on something here. I wish this was available when I was struggling through math.
In honor of National Grilled Cheese Day, I poured a beer in honor of my mother. I toasted her, "Prost, Mutti!" and proceeded to mac down on a gloriously gooey and crisp sandwich.
Call or text us for booking/inquiry:
Boston/City-Year – I spent the bulk of my time at Northeastern University’s International Village dormitory. Although most of my time was spent in workshops or with colleagues – we did get to visit a little. I was able to steal away with a friend of mine one night and visited Harvard’s campus and ate a japanese-fusion place with great outdoor seating and drinks!
Deadline for entries: June 14, 2012
Sautee minced garlic in a hot wok with some oil till fragrant and golden , add in stewed pork follow by ramen. Fry over high heat and take care not to burnt it. Add in seasoning and chicken broth and continue to fry over medium heat till well combined and sauce thicken and almost dries up. Garnish with shredded chili and spring onion and shredded eggs. Serve hot immediately.
I’m thrilled to share this weekend with three dear friends. Oprah was really just the catalyst for the get-together. Spending time and getting away from our daily grind is what this experience is all about.
Galatians 6:9
For quite a few years, I worked in the jewelry industry. I’ve worked with fine jewelry (the “real” stuff) and high fashion jewelry (the “not real” stuff.) I don’t discriminate when it comes to jewelry and am happy to wear EVERYTHING. I don’t care if it costs $2 or $200. I don’t care if it’s silver or gold or maybe even…BOTH (heaven forbid!) If it’s jewelry, it’s an accessory and that makes it my friend.
Best Cinematic Moment:
Yesterday was Paula's birthday and she did inform me that the box arrived.She loves the mermaid and already has it hanging over her desk, so she can look at it everyday! :)
Now, Weir was first a nonfiction author, writing biographies of England’s kings and queens. She has many (see her Goodreads page) and I’ve bought a few. I’ve read The Life of Elizabeth I and the Princes of the Tower, and while these are definitely nonfiction and more “boring” than her fiction works, they are still good reads if you want to learn more about that time period.
To conclude, I do want to stress that Making is Connecting is a lovely book, not least because of Gauntlett realistically optimistic approach. Though he’ll happily call ‘rubbish!’ (his 10 things wrong with the media ‘effects’ model is justifiably a classic), he doesn’t wear an ability to be ‘critical’ like it's some sort of pin badge to show membership of the ‘very clever thinkers club’. Academics should be able to say they like things, and I like this book. I’ll end on a positive note, an honest one, and say if you are a maker of any sort, I can wholehearted recommend Making is Connecting. It’ll give you a chance to think about the history and philosophies of crafting cultures. It’ll lift you out of your own maker microculture to help you ponder your wider context. It inspired me to make this post, and others, and to think more about my making. So do read it, even if it does take you a few months to get around to finishing it because you keep putting it down to do something else instead.
Journalist Mark Glaser says that “Hyperlocal news is the information relevant to small communities or neighbourhoods that has been overlooked by traditional news outlets.” Many people have taken this concept and created their own news sites, with original content being displayed.
held aloft by Souls mate in Salvation;
The funeral directors are not sure whether to have a funeral for M.J or a tupperware party
5 CHILDREN living in poverty are three times more likely to suffer mental illness than children from wealthy families.
OK, so much for all that alliteration in the title! But I had to get focused on "B"s because Catered Crop is half way through its "Letter B" challenge, and I want to enter this card. "Bear and Butterfly Buddies" seemed perfect. Here's my card and then I have to tell you about the the gal who drew the digi and how you can get it as a freebie!
Style: 10
What kind of monster brings a child into this world?
11. Name one thing you love about yourself, physically or otherwise?
“I cannot tell you what it was;
And yet, the so-called “revolutionary” changes that were made were less revolutionary and more restrictive and a pinch of draconian that contradicted the intentions of the Federal Constitution as well as the international norms.
I laughed out loud ” ya,sure and trust me I will have no shortage of wealth. “
Christ Church in Orton Goldhay
Leave your cell phone at home and use your workout as an escape.
I had just gotten off work and was heading across town to pick up some dinner when up ahead I saw the distinct red and blue flashing lights that signaled that my particular route to the pizza place was about to become a parking lot.
The thing that concerned this writer more was the dropping of "the Men". Gentleman Jesse (Smith) has established himself as a someone who can put together a catchy hook and clever wordsmith but fear struck that maybe he decided to go all singer/songwriter and had decided some kinda James Taylor thing would suit him best.
JB – We will be on vacation when you turn 11 months on the 24th, so I am posting this a little early.
Key Lime Pie.
Phoenician Sailor, and the latter is not wholly distinct from Ferdinand
To be frank, Lew, I am rarely in the mood these days for a boozy or remotely heavy beer. I'd rather be able to have a "session" without feeling loaded or tired. Furthermore, there is something very special and sophisticated about a well made session beer, which is not an easy task for a brewer! I'm on a mini-mission to expose to people the beauty of a low abv, drinkable ale or lager. Bigger is not always better. I hope the american craft beer scene understands this in years to come and the philosophy of 'whiskey barrel aged 10% triple hopped continuously for 6 weeks and then aged in another barrel and wet hopped' is better" soon comes to a close and there is more emphasis put on balance and refinement! Hence good session beers. Yup. Sounds right to me.
Then I picked up my birth control.
Reading about spirituality and matters of metaphysical nature can be fascinating and uplifting indeed, but it isn’t necessary for soul evolvement. The same is so about attending classes or workshops that provide glimpses into the arcane, having a guru or mentor help you understand life’s mysteries, or following enlightenment offered by the “Masters” — the quotation marks are because these highly evolved souls don’t call themselves that. Spiritual growth is each one’s personal experience of living from the heart — that seat of the soul, core of physical viability, and center of Self that sends forth and receives love. Simply, BEing love is soul evolvement.
I’m away to make baked bean pasta. I’m hoping it’s nice and if it is I’ll post the recipe.
Artwork Deadline: July 15, 2012
He said, “William, get down from there, right now!”
So my staff and I filled-out yung form. It's a two-page form and true enough, may mga tanong na personal.
Then he kisses the book, saying quietly: Through the words of the Gospel may our sins be wiped away.
Image Sources:
Over the past year, we have added several new ethereal blues to our palette of Full Spectrum Paints: Alexandra Blue, Azure, Christine’s Cloud, Dusk, Gustavian Grey, H2 Ahh!, Sky, Seaglass, Slate and Wedgewood.
An explosion during a botched armed bank robbery - The robber is presumed dead - The striking beauty, Gina Russo, a federal agent that he blames for his brothers lifetime incarceration. His wrongful quest to ruin her life unfolds in this 120,000 word novel:
Place on top of paper towel (2 layers) over cutting board.
In this chapter we learn about the first idea that set this particular stone rolling. Back in 1925 the Minnesota Mining and Manufacturing Company produced sandpaper and Dick Drew was one of their salesmen. Not an inventor or a developer: a salesman. But after watching some car mechanics struggling to paint a car while he was on a break (very important point this) he came up with the idea that, after some fiddling, became masking tape and by 1928 the company was selling more masking tape than anything else. The CEO of the company didn't stop there. He completely reorganised the company, investing the tape windfall wisely; he hired dozens of researchers and gave them the freedom to pursue their own interests and take as many breaks as they liked. Seems like madness. Surely Dick Drew's idea was a fluke.
We left them in the fridge for a couple of months, until we noticed that a bit of fungus was growing on top of the soil. At this point, we thought perhaps we'd messed up the process, and just put the pots out on the porch and decided we'd see what happened. Within a week or so, green shoots started to appear, and within a month, we had tulip blooms!
really and truly are the best! I thank you all for
I have in my heart, the long hours you took to help me learn my prayers, and do my homework.
Should the concurrent traveling up of radon coming from the same deep down places be a concern was well? The quick answer would appear to be yes. Radon is often in such gas itself, so much so that pipes carrying gas sometimes become radioactive as a result.
Temps have been unseasonably mild the past few months with only two baby snowfalls. A request to Santa via Facebook status to please send us some snow for Christmas was met with snowfall #2, thanks Santa. And with sticky snow, my uber creative husband gets his hands wet. And voila! Most people build snowmen, hubby creates snowangels :-).
He therefore died in Germany (not Halifax as I had said).
The Guardian has chosen for publication letters pushing points I've outlined above - far outside any mainline political discourse.
I have to give tophatter.com lots of props for this insanity.
The support and outpouring on their fanpage is just incredible. They welcome each new fan by name, they post a candle for anyone who shares their grief at losing someone to suicide, fans support them in ways I’ve not seen before. The compassion and caring is truly heartfelt and warming. I will post a link to their site at the end of this post, please take a moment to check it out, it may very well save someone’s life.
Today marks ten years since my husband and I officially started dating. Ten! I can't believe how fast it's gone!
- Went skiing again and got up on the wakeboard immediately. Something clicked and I just got it, that happened to two other guys too. More fun than skis, but harder to cross the wake. I really need to bring a videocamera with me next time so I can document the spectacular wipeouts while tubing.
Small example: Eating. Do you know how often I sit down to a meal without doing something else while I eat? Maybe twice a week. The other day, Chloe fixed dinner and set the table and got us all to sit down and eat together. Day before yesterday, I ate my lunch salad without checking email or surfing the 'net while I ate.
What might we reasonably expect in a well appointed gentleman’s wardrobe? There is of course no single correct answer, for it depends on the gent in question, what he does for a living, and what is his personal style (assuming he has figured out what that is, of course). Nonetheless, speaking in general terms a well appointed Gentleman’s wardrobe will include a sufficient range of clothing to enable a man to attend to his range of interests and commitments with a certain amount of style.
The following volunteer positions are open:
In an attempt to answer critics (including me) who have raised concerns over the commission's transparency, independence and objectivity, he said: ‘We will evaluate all the evidence we hear on a fair basis, judge us at the end by the quality of our report.’
Over the weekend, I finally got around to staining and hanging my new fireplace mantel and I couldn't be happier with the results!
... because we do it, too, don't we? Even as grown-ups, even when we know in our heads that the people we idolize (whether they be sports figures, actors, musicians, authors, etc) are really just normal people, there is something that dies in us just a little bit when we're faced with their very real humanity. We want them to be "more than," we want them to be worth the devotion we give them. And when we find out that maybe they're not, when they lose some of our respect, it's sad and it's hard and it's disappointing.
Americans don't like soccer because nothing happens in soccer. "Well what about baseball?" you are probably whining right now, as your ilk often does. Baseball, while admittedly a more deliberate affair than basketball or football, is far and away more interesting than soccer. Baseball features fairly regular scoring, and a game that can change complexion with a single swing of the bat.
Finally! The reason I claimed the A's - Tim Hudson.
We are all loving our puppy, and realizing how much extra time, love, training and attention she needs.
On claims that PAS has digressed from its struggle to set up an Islamic country by advocating a welfare state, he said, “PAS abides by its constitution by curbing anything that deviates from Islam.”
Sketch Challenge 350 Card:
Note that each sweep, as it makes progress, provides fodder for the other to refine and focus itself. The physical evidence that Mister D took part in the heist (the stolen jewellery in his possession) did not fall into the lap of the police from on high. Rather, an opportunity to discover it was created through careful investigative work based on the initial top-down sweep. The initial bottom-up sweep generated no hits at all, but the initial top-down sweep narrowed down the list of all possible culprits to a strong candidate. A fresh, tightly-focused, and patient bottom-up sweep (the raid on the illicit jewelry sale) was then initiated with the desired results. Numerous examples could be given of mutual feedback between the sweeps.
Title: The Girl Who Fell from the Sky
Grated cheese (I use good old Tasty Cheddar, but whatever you like)
I thought the coolest thing about the harbor tour was this oil rig, which had been brought in for repairs. Can you imagine living on one of those for months at a time?! The wellhead is similar to the one that blew in last year's BP Oil Spill.
I told her I'd think about it.
Genre: Old School Death/Doom
You bet your sweet twat I do. It’s vacation time. Hello, couch and dog and Street Fighter X Tekken. Let’s do this.
seam together from top to ribbing.
The Texas Department of Public Safety led these two boats to the banks of the Rio Bravo to present them to Congress and show their use to patrol the border.Obviously Congress isn't listening. Or anyone else in Washington for that natter.
Finally and most importantly, I can contribute by bringing issues of youth engagement and voice in the support for the creation of effective educational systems. The issue of providing opportunities for youth to be actively involved in their own learning and educational system has not been included and in this changing environment it is necessary for our youth to be part of the system.
Before I left for my trip down south last week, I utilized my leftover mojo marinated steak and sofrito to make this Puerto Rican inspired hash for breakfast. Now, I am not sure that there is any sort of traditional Puerto Rican dish like this, but the flavors gave me inspiration and I thought it was a delicious way to “use it up” and you guys know I am all about using it up. The bright flavors of the sofrito up front mixed with the highly spiced steak and the earthiness of the potatoes coated with the egg yolk sauce rounds it all out. Pour a little pique sauce on and your taste buds will be in over drive. Pure deliciousness.
I do not rejoice that I am lucky enough to posses $8 while 1.4 billion people live below the poverty line, instead this figure is like a lingering symbol of the realisation that I am painfully trapped under the support of my parents. That I am hopelessly, cripplingly, broke. And on top of this, how the hell do you even get 1 cent in your bank account in the first place! How ridiculous! It’s like the money is mocking me with the obviously unattainable 1cent in our 5 cent limited monetary system. It’s whispering to me in my dreams that even the embarrassingly tiny figure in my account has to be rounded down.
Okay, back to the point. Here’s what I got this week:
The presentation was by a mommy blogger/expert, who was sharing tools for women who were traveling (to the conference for example), and leaving their children with a caretaker. In the video, the blogger/expert, dressed in a lovely tan business suit with a patterned scarf, offered three tips for women traveling without their children.
Thanks again for entering!
Hint: If you're lusting over your own copy of this cookbook, you *might* want to show up here on Saturday and see what Nancy and I have in store!
each choice would represent to the ideal plan. The client can choose where to
Q: “What is the difference between a musician and a pizza?”
So, for those of my more political readers who have wondered why it is that I feel King is worthy of having his entire catalog read/watched and discussed, perhaps this will help you to understand just how much I identify with the man. And for those of you who would rather I just leave politics out of my discussion of the writer, I apologize for the fact that that doesn’t seem very likely.
These days I don't make a card without my Cricut! The cartridges used: Close to My Heart-Art Philosophy, Straight from the Nest, Cricut Craft Room Basics (free when you sign up here), Kate's ABCs, and Baby Steps.
Political correctness may currently define what is acceptable but its strictures will never abide. I have lost track of the number of times I’ve been told off for using the word ‘midget’ recently but my mind naturally reaches for it when looking for a shorthand way of expressing the unexpected. Midget. Earlobe. Lubricated. Onion. Stripper. Owl. I know that three of these words might offend people below four feet but I have never heard either Ant or Dec complain. And is there anything funnier than a midget stripper? A lubricated onion? A heavily earlobed Owl? Unless, of course, you’re the producers at Channel 4 who wouldn’t allow the talent to book the acts for the final show of a successful series.
As Percy Bysshe Shelly said of Ozymandias in the eponymous poem -
Hey there you guys! Sorry about the skipping yesterday! hehe. My inlaws got in at 10:30pm, and we were up late chatting. And before that, I was cleaning ALL day long! And we had piano for Eme at 4pm, and then the Pinewood Derby at 6:30pm. Man, it was a mad dash to get ready.
20 Secret Separation
- Cross-grain leather lining
It’s not just about making a few friends in the tech sector, says Harris; networking is especially important in what she calls “the frenetic startup culture,” where happy hours are often where an entrepreneur can meet her angel investor.
Is Cabin in the Woods a horror film game-changer?
Because I am not being obedient when I take them.
“Over the past week or so”? “Intimidating behavior”? Removal of faculties? Seriously?
Felt that there wasnt any earl grey taste? The lemon taste was definitely very strong (which I liked! Love lemon :D) and perhaps overpowered the subtle earl grey taste? Really good lemon frosting! Thick, creamy and sour (but not overly so). The cupcake tasted the same as the one used in the black sesame
Even rarer treasures await adventurous travelers who brave the seas and swamps of Florida’s Big Bend, known also as the Nature Coast. The barrier islands and shallow saltwater estuaries along this nearly untouched stretch of Gulf Coast teem with life in all its varied splendor. Twelve of the islands make up the Cedar Keys National Wildlife Refuge, home to tens of thousands of water birds: egrets, cormorants, herons, and white ibis, to name a few. Shuttle boats deliver tourists to the keys’ pristine beaches for shell collecting and bird spotting. For a more solitary exploration of those lonely sand spits and mangrove swamps, paddle yourself there in a canoe or kayak.
Coastal Aviation (coastal.cc) and Tropical Air (tropicalair.co.tz) run daily, 30-minute flights between Dar es Salaam, Tanzania, and Mafia (from $145).
d) July
Have a bathroom sink snafu that I could use some advice or help with:
here, but I won't! It's the songs that do the matter, right?
Do we really mean that limiting access to my psycho-active substance of choice is bad, whereas those other drugs (other's choices) need controlling. Is this something to do with the "Narcissism of small differences"?
Majority rules in America, and I will honor the concept; however, I will fight with all of my power to be a voice in opposition to Obama and his “goals for America.”
Then today we tried to buy some fabric from a local firm – 100 per cent
PNHR’s engagement process is focused on you and your business needs. This consultative approach, known as our Exact Fit Program, details from start to finish how our staffing firm selects the perfect candidate for your organization.
1 permanently
Whilst I don't want the manner of his passing to overshadow his work apparently he took his own life which makes it all the more sad. You can read the whole story at Bleeding Cool
So much culture content... and the room is tidy too (at last). Win win.
Since we found out that my dad was sick with cancer this past year, I won't leave the house without hugging and kissing my parents. I have come to realize that every minute I have with them is a gift from God. Every hug, every word, every kiss—all gifts that I tuck into the treasure chest of my heart. I cherish their wisdom, their loving kindness, and yes—their touch.
Monsters/Villains: Cybermen, Cybershades, Cyber Leader, Cyber King, Miss Hartigan
The EDL is run by 15 key people across the country who co-ordinate activists via email and social networking sites, such as Facebook. The group lacks a coherent message or vision, and even within its core, the EDL means different things to different people. Indeed, none of the 15 so-called leaders appears to have actually met all the others. The main backer is Alan lake, a shadowy figure who has pumped a lot of money into the social networking that started the EDL. Lake has stated he wants to build relations with anybody who is 'anti-Islam' and that includes Lesbian and Gay groups as well as militant Zionists in Britain.
4 medium potatoes cut into bite size pieces.
For more on Pete Fowler see his Bio page
On both sides of the Atlantic, violent interracial crime is only news worthy if the if the race of both of the victim and perpetrator fit the desired narrative. The fact is that the vast majority do not fit that narrative and therefore become non-news stories.
There’s been a little bit of an incarnation series going on here at A Better Possession. We started with a cheat sheet of theological terms to do with the incarnation here. Then we looked at the Incarnation and the Creed of Chalcedon here. Then we thought about the person and work of Christ here. And then we started a bit of a series within a series when we started looking at Kenosis.
To search for something on the Web using Google is not unlike confessing your desires to a mysterious power. — Siva Vaidhyanathan
5. It's a Sin to Tell a Lie
I use DCP and ofcorse the stamp is Milton & Co.
Important to note is that, and excluding the Rwandan genocide, data show that armed groups were responsible for almost 60% of the very conservatively estimated 135.000 intentional direct killings of civilians in civil conflicts. An extreme case is the conflict patterns in North and South Kivu, the DRC, from 2004 to September 2009, where rebel forces have been estimated to be responsible for almost 80% of all atrocities. Not counting the Rwandan genocide, this means that during the past almost 20 years, it is not governments but rebels that carry out the majority of atrocities against civilians in civil conflicts. Nevertheless, some rebel movements are proxies for - or supported by - governments inside or outside the country in question. The role of governments in atrocities could thus also be indirect and larger than the above ratio suggests.
...be quiet. Lie with your partner in bed--with your clothes on or off, it doesn't matter. No talking or kissing; just lie together. Be still. Feel the warmth of each other. Look into each other's eyes, trace his eyebrows, hug tightly, rub her back, hold hands. Wrap your arms around each other. Press your bodies close together.
ATTIKA 7 will take to the road this summer with an ‘in your face’ live show combining all that is good in life: Bikes, Girls and Rock n Roll. Stay tuned for tour dates coming soon.
One supplies the chance to bear, the other the soil.
In this piece, the author asks “Has Stephen Harper lost control of his caucus?“ It starts with certain comments – and then turns into the old abortion, scary, racist Reform Party fear mongering.
and on with barely any of the
To say that I'm exhausted would be an understatement, however the smile that is still on my face from the Show means it was all very well worth it. Thank you so much to Angela, Ross, Graham and the team for putting on such an extraordinary event! Here's to many more.
I'm talking about "game-changers" in the sense that it will alter the industries perception of the horror genre, possibly opening it up for re-examination or the dreaded CITW knock-offs. Some examples of "game-changers to me are - Scream (1996) which led to God knows how many ironic detached teen slashers... The Blair Witch Project (1999) which led to a lineage of "found-footage" movies each one more "real" than the last... Saw (2004) which helped the Torture Porn genre find mass market appeal.
*Today, I tried French Baker and honestly, I experienced a foodgasm with their Chinese Hopia-Ube. It’s the first time I’ve tasted French Baker in years. The last time was when I was in high school pa. Hahaha. My late Lola in the mother side is a fan of French Baker’s baguette. But when I moved to Iloilo to study, this ritual was stopped.
We are back from Minnesota with not one, but TWO First Place Titles for my girls dance team and their two teams took 2nd and 3rd in the National Grand Championships for their entire bracket of all Senior teams. It was a great weekend in Minnesota, they laughed, they played, they worked hard and they danced their hearts out. Plus a bonus was the wonderful time with their roomies.
When does this happen with this writer? Oh, any scenes with sex somewhere nearby, definitely. I am the least likely writer of erotica/erotic scenes on the planet, I assure you. But in The Coward’s Tale there are a few of those—scenes where characters are really longing for someone they want, or scenes where a couple are exploring each other, or a character is watching someone undressing ... (The first might be in ‘The Window-Cleaner’s Tale’. The second and third, in ‘The Piano Tuner’s Tale’.) And yes, there is what is called unkindly, a penetrative sex scene. Oh dear, and me an old bat too.
time at home.
...I think Thomas Edison installed it.
36. Where the Red Fern Grows Wilson Rawls
Most challenging are the times I find myself delayed at an airport, trapped in a conversation that I don’t want to have, or wanting to be doing something else.
While I am not sure this is the "correct" use for the bench, that is the story we were given at the Edmondston-Alston House.
P.S. In a fit of teenage rebellion, my creativity has taken my money and run like Abigail in The Crucible. Which means…I need ideas for blog posts! Feel free to comment with any book related (or nerd/geek related) topic you want to hear my thoughts on. My creativity did leave me with a few things, but I have a sneaking suspicion they’re all the old, boring topics no one wants to hear about.
158. “The tragedy of life is not that it ends so soon, but that we wait so long to begin it.” – W.M. Lewis
Girl: We do all sorts of things. We'll even clean up afterward, sweeping up the leftover grass or leaf blowing things out of your yard.... anything you need blown, we'll do it!
Follow-up on the axe discovery (Feb 10th)
to use in my own collage work
Excellent read, this, one that meshes familiar, terrifying wartime concerns (e.g., the London bombardments, friends and lovers geting killed in battles or bombings) with, as Torres insisted in the Interview, real attachments (romantic and otherwise), and what resulted from the war and those attachments.
Sierra Nevada and Dogfish Head to release “Life & Limb” Collaboration
So, what is the "S Word"? Well, first and foremost, it stands for "single"... my Facebook relationship status, were I to list it there, since Facebook doesn't brand the divorced as such. (Instead, I'm silent, as I often am on this sort of thing in public fora.) Beyond that, it suggests all kinds of things: Sex, secrets, silence, sleep, signals, serendipity, surreptitiousness, self-awareness.... Even the 4-letter curse word that, according to my mother, is the first word I ever uttered (facing frustration with a toy I couldn't get to work the way I wanted, apparently).
shots like this wouldn’t happen.
So instead of a fake War on Terror, aimed at financing the defense companies forever, in a useless manner, you have some sort of huge campaign, globally: the equivalent of World War III, but a peaceful one.
I’d had all my fingers and toes crossed for a monkey or a sloth, but I’m kinda glad we didn’t. Seeing that big huge spider was thrilling enough, even if it WAS in a total ‘Arachnophobia’ kinda way. I think a monkey or sloth sighting would have detracted from that, like a cherry on the top. We have another week and a half in Costa Rica – plenty of time for monkeys and sloths!! And (gulp) more tarantulas…..
Lighten your load by giving away items that you don’t necessarily need. Want—perhaps, but need—no. Having less stuff makes cleaning and organization easier and there’s far less dusting to do!
If I could lie in that blue
Here is a sample:
EsjaFamiljen (SE)
‘Our objective is to give maximum support to your project with integrity, on time, and within the stipulated budget.’, is to read on their website.
But only while we’re making that drive on the interstate. As soon as we sit down next to each other at work, the conversation stops. At most, she’ll offer a “three hours and fifteen minutes” announcement as we mentally count down to the end of the day.
The founder of the state of the “Republic of Macedonia”, as was vested constitutionally the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia (fYROM), the name with which it became a member of the UN, he served two ties as its President, a position from which he handled with great skill the wheel of the battered ship in the turbulent west Balkans of the ‘90ies.
The Id Fiend is a large, reptilian psionic predator that resembles a giant gila monster. They especially favor using their Fear and Stun powers to soften up prey before attacking.
the May kit is being called. " love in an instant"
Love is the new religion of the 21st century
I finally switched on my computer (largely because I had an e-mail from a French friend that asked why there were no results) and found the HuffPo summary immediately. No surprises. Labour making gains at the government's expense - it was expected and is not unusual for local elections around half-way through a government's life. Under the Thatcher government this used to happen quite often yet the lady went on to lead her party to victory several times.
A few weeks ago the circus was in town and we really considered taking the girls. We pondered this for about 5 minutes before it dawned on us that taking our monkeys to the circus would not be the best idea. The last thing we need or want is for them to get any ideas on new behaviors to try out at home.
Option 1: Attend an open casting call.
"You're not going crazy," said Will with maddening calm. "You're not seeing things at all. This is part of your heritage and history. It's time you knew about it."
We have instituted "no TV" nights at our house on Mondays and Tuesdays in an effort to get The Geej to focus more on her homework. It's been working really well. Today, on the way to school, this was our conversation:
Below you see what happens. Berci has found a list with 50 great tools to “Double check your Doctor”. He tweets the link to what he considers a great resource list, and in no time the message and the link are tweeted several times. Some people also post a link on their blog.
Placebo Pure morning UK
Here is the latest scammer and my responses to them:
“Barack said he wanted to meet me in secret, in a secure place. And I said, ‘You’re used to coming to my home, you’ve been here countless times, so what’s wrong with coming to my home?’ So we met in the living room of the parsonage of Trinity United Church of Christ, at South Pleasant Avenue right off 95th Street, just Barack and me. I don’t know if he had a wire on him. His security was outside somewhere.”
<U+0628><U+0633><U+0645> <U+0627><U+0644><U+0644><U+0647> <U+0627><U+0644><U+0631><U+062D><U+0645><U+0646> <U+0627><U+0644><U+0631><U+062D><U+064A><U+0645>
Thanks for your visit! I love reading all of your comments, they really brighten up my day :)
AND make your own Prints ! There are SO many places on the web that you can find free graphics. Just search ! It's that easy ! There's a great gal out there who makes it her hobby to
Are we standing, sitting, or kneeling during the Lamb of God? (Kneeling)
"The disorderly development of the rare earth industry has caused enormous damage to the environment," Zhu said, warning
He would walk through and then close it behind himself like it was no big deal.
We are the abandoned hesitation of all those who can't wait
Seems to me, over here nylons have one purpose -- ONE ONLY, ladies. And that is: to protect you from the cold. Ok, well maybe they do occasionally dawn those lacy numbers for the sheer fashionista woman-hear-me-roarness of it, but they manage to make me feel like I'm some kind of ice cube who needs to be covered head-to-toe. Is it above twenty degrees Celsius? Then they wanna see some skin, biznatches!
"People sometimes ask me, 'If things are so bad, why don’t you just kill yourself?' The answer is that life is really, really good. I am a complex enough being that I can hold in my heart the understanding that we are really, really fucked, and at the same time that life is really, really good. I am full of rage, sorrow, joy, love, hate, despair, happiness, satisfaction, dissatisfaction, and a thousand other feelings. We are really fucked. Life is still really good."
Jingle Bell Rock – Reigning Sound
If you guessed the liberal arts college, you’d be right! Liberal arts colleges require their students to look at the bigger picture of their own academic interests, to see how those individual pieces connect to the larger whole so that they can make educated and informed decisions and influence change. Just as it’s good to learn about other equestrian disciplines so that you can develop a better understanding of your own, the college that you select should encourage you to take the same approach to your schoolwork.
Almost a year back I had written a post on “Getting the best from your team: Where does one start? – I” where I had explored a couple of ideas that a startup had applied towards building a great motivated team.
* Stir until dissolved, and then boil rapidly until set point is reached (10 minutes).
Then I started investigating the "Reverse Beacon Network" where all your received spots are sent. This led to http://hamspots.net/
Lovely scattered with (toasted) sunflower, sesame or pumpkin seeds.
Band leaders aren’t the guys that get the glory. They give the glory – stepping out in high time to celebrate the team, to honor the school, to send a chill down your spine and rouse a cheer on your lips. It’s a generous, selfless role – and nobody played it better than George Parks.
And did you notice something hanging from the inside of the door? Yes my friends, that is our weekly shopping list, waiting to be filled out as soon as something runs low/out:
-we want Kharma chant.
Matilainen P, Juutilainen J, Saarikoski S, Läära E, Suonio S. Early pregnancy loss and exposure to 50-Hz magnetic fields. Kuopio (Finland). In: Proceedings of the URSI/IEEE XVI National Convention on Radio Science, 1990.
Don't worry about the centers of this layer not touching it will be covered up by subsequent petal layers. TIP: I sewed all the petals from the center out to keep them flat, sometimes I had to pass a quite a bit of the pillowcase under the needle to get to the center but it turned out alright in the end.
The IFE is very strongly linked to a group called the Osmani Trust. During Lutfur Rahman's tenure as Leader of Tower Hamlets Council he gave £3million in local tax payers money to the East London Mosque to fund the building of the enormous "London Muslim Centre" where the IFE is now based. He also gave half a million to the Osmani Trust, a group that wants to take "ex gang leaders" off the streets and turn them into people who can, among other things, enforce Sharia Law amongst the local population; Muslim and non-Muslim alike. Great, so local thugs used to knifing people in the park will now be trained to patrol the streets telling women to wear a burha and all this is paid for by me, a local taxpayer. O super.
more, and more, and more
Dress: Happy Onion -Aris Aris- (Kawaii Fair)
Beat ThatHot Wheels: Exhausted That!
I consider my work the CPR Training for Child Sexual Abuse. This is my subtext or mantra for the Ten Ways To Safeguard Your Child From Sexual Abuse brand. On behalf of every person who has been sexually abused I give thanks for your willingness to stand, sign and use your voice.
Breastfeeding has become a time for both of us to relax and calm down. I am not sure how much longer she will want to nurse but for now I am still happy to do it.
Advocates for public workers praised it for keeping the state’s promises to current employees, preferring it to the House plan.
08-22 Amsterdam, Netherlands - Olympic Stadium
But it was almost too airy now. I needed a rug to ground the space, but I didn't want a rectangle. I wanted to soften the angles of the room and my seating arrangement a bit and a rectangle would have cut off the dining area and the room's small enough as is. So I thought - oooh, cowhide! And then I found this fake one on Overstock for a great price. Done.
Que se aprende de las medialunas tomando mi tour? Como pedir, a que hora visitar para conseguir las mismas recién horneadas, cuanto dejar de propina y lo mas importante de todo... como conseguir unas de las mas ricas de la ciudad.
Somebody to Love – Glee Soundtrack
The event was rather overwhelming. This was the largest show I had ever been to, and the largest I am likely to attend for the near future. It also wound up being my most successful show, both at the show itself and for getting several gigs after the show. All in all, it was very much worth my time going and I'm already discussing plans to attend again next year with other artists.
Sunnies: Prada inspired
Personal conclusion: it was again a great experience to feel the team spirit, to discuss open minded, sharing the knowledge and experience and having fun working together!
All caught up in their gathering grind
I could totally go for some 65 degrees here in MAY!!
I read Majestrum after reading The Spiral Labyrinth and Hespira, and I was a bit surprised to find it wasn’t the beginning of the Henghis Hapthorn story (although it works perfectly well as a standalone novel). Similarly, you mentioned earlier the Luff Imbry novel, which follows on from short stories and novellas. That’s quite an unusual approach, reminding me in a way of how indie bands like Stereolab and New Order would leave singles off their albums; it encourages a certain kind of fan. Was that approach the result of a deliberate decision, or is it just how it’s worked out?
If evolution is the objective of Mass Effect 3, then it is actually stated incredibly poorly. A deep, thoughtful analysis of 2001 is confronted with the Monolith from the very beginning--our australopithecus ancestors are gently pushed by the Monolith on their first steps toward critical thought and creative problem-solving, the very elements that make us human. It is poignant that homicide is one of the side-effects of this. The desolation of Africa, bereft of cities or development, is displaced by a ballet of orbital stations and spacecraft as humanity has achieved the ultimate zenith of homo sapiens' potential. Into this milieu the Monolith re-emerges, this time on the Moon, and beckons our curious selves to evolve into the next step.
you help others as it makes you feel good from the inside.
Not much lurking in my head today yet. Swirling around the edges are the ideas for the Dale Arden story, but I’m not quite ready to go there yet. I wanted to write just another blah blah blah blog entry, see what’s cooking in the ol’ noodle. I don’t know if I’m ready to get down into the sex talk that’s actually on my mind, now that I’m looking at it. If I write about masturbation I may not publish it. Yes, shy about something at last. Hard for me to get off since the surgery. If there’s any one downer it’s that. But the fact that my circuits work at all is good enough. It was a year after I had the operation before I had another orgasm. You’d think it was a big deal, as in “loss and tragedy” but no I’d really thought about it first and it was a price I was willing to pay. I’m glad I didn’t have to pay more of one.
Irene gave us some examples, then asked us to consider and – Write a poem about the feeling of loneliness. She suggested we look beyond the usual metaphors and get more personal in our understanding and expression of that sense of being we commonly call loneliness. If you still have some poetic breath following April, now please share this first May poem with us. And thank you Irene!
Out of the 7 places here, I’ve never been to the Canary Islands or Valencia but I think 5 out of 7 is not bad. I’ve also been to most of the “Honorable Mentions” on the list: the Royal Palace in Madrid, the Bilbao Guggenheim Museum, the Reina Sofia museum, El Torcal in Antequera. Never been to the Balearic Islands or the Altamira cave, which funnily enough I had never heard about until I saw the exhibit in the Deutsches Museum in Munich–so I guess the museum taught me something new even though I didn’t like it!
Now this really is a fly-by post..... I am being a wee bit naughty and taking 10 mins out at work while I scoff a sandwich and a cup of soup to put up a pic of where my Rose Garden is at as of 9.30pm last night (Sunday)
11 p.m.: ORTM (Malian television) is back on the air, but only playing archive recordings of Malian traditional musicians. If they start playing martial music, or for that matter anything by Banzoumana Sissoko, we’ll know something major is underway. Soon a title appears: “In a moment, a declaration by the soldiers.”
Joyeux Noël
I thought I heart your words
I first want to thank Dawn Olchefske of DO Stamping for sharing the video that taught me how to do this. She has some really wonderful videos and highly recommend her You Tube Channel if your looking for fun card and gift ideas.
3. Using a pastry blenderor 2 knives, cut the shortening into the flour mixture until coarse crumbs form. (or you can do this in the food processor too)
As the poopy diapers roll, and the kids go nuts, we have shared a lot of laughs in the last few days, and the kids have enjoyed her company as much as I have.
past moments old dreams back again or fresh like those that pass or things always and memories I say them as I hear them murmur them in the mud
"Runnin' Blues" by The Doors
From ‘til Dawn is the first Quentin Tarantino film to show up on Apocalypse Cinema. Not the most auspicious film to start with, but I am certain many more Tarantino offerings with appear before it is all said and done. I have to bow to my 31 horror film reviews plan, which has already been thrown for a loop enough already.
In Syrus v. Bennett, the court of appeals for the 10th Circuit considered the issue of whether a man who claimed copyright in the short phrases "Go Thunder" and "Let's Go Thunder" had stated a claim. Referring to the Feist requirement of originality and copyright's requirement that copyright protection extends only to works that "are the fruits of intellectual labor" the court found that the phrases plaintiff claimed were infringed were not copyrightable. Adding "Let's Go" or "Go" which are common cheers to the team name required no "intellectual labor".
since it pays for her newly imported coffee tables from Venice, mother's not complaining (does she even miss him?)
*3: The mPCIe 2.0 x1 slot is located on mPCIe Combo™ expansion card.
While I was aboard that rescue ship, I knew, I knew, that part of me was still drowning. I knew that something was getting lost in all that mopping. But great things carry with them great inertia and the ship that saved me was the greatest of them all. Ojai was just the beginning, and it was so big, and so different, that despite my weekly mandated journeys back into Los Angeles, it ripped up the soil long enough to drop seeds inside of me beneath the roots of foreign trees. Each seed, each vision I had up there, each dream, each word I wrote, each thought, lay within me growing and growing like different pieces of a puzzle. They got so big, first I had to make a small change, then another small change, then a bigger one, and then, at last, I made colossal changes left and right, up-rooting what did not belong and making way for the new, waiting to see what shape it would take.
and I added the flower button to mine!!
Rara Avis
LG has two main points to make today. Usually he has none, but that doesn't stop him from posting. So this is a bonus.
Level 19: MP Cost: 35, Damage: 266%, Attacks up to 6 enemies 3 times, 19% chance to stun the enemy for 4 seconds.
(Flux, an imprint of Llewellyn Worldwide Ltd.)
Crystal Malt
My life has become a series a of getting out of and sitting back down into chairs. When I move, a percussion concerto of cracking joints remind me that I'd probably throw my back out if I added sit-ups to my morning routine. I'm officially settling into frumpy-old-hag mode.
I've had a few Brodie's beers in bottles now, and they've all been top drawer. And I had a nice afternoon at the William The IV last week, where it struck me that I could get wankered on decent beer for less than a tenner, if I wanted. And it's made me reflect on a recent blog entry by US beer writer Andy Crouch, where he proposes that the 'good old days' of the US scene are happening now, before widespread distribution of popular beers ends as brewers hit capacity walls and re-trench closer to home; how this will open up markets for good quality local beers to fill the gap. He calls it The Great Beer Retreat. Local beer rules.
Ahh, the dreaded cold calling post! But, since we all need to do it (at least in the beginning of our career), I might as well post about it and, hopefully, get some good feedback from all of you.
Coming OKC-DFW, the approach was high, which meant a steep descent, and to top it off, we had to do three S-turns (either to bleed off speed or to open up the distance to whoever was in front of us), and each turn had a fairly high yaw.
Now, I don’t know if its the new table (although I did see an uptick after its arrival) or if his sister is giving him lessons on the side, but Ryan has begun dancing. And I don’t mean a little occasional bouncing when he hears a song he likes. I mean stops what he’s doing when he hears so much as a tv jingle and busts a move. He puts his whole body into it too.
Create your own page using the Page Map(s) – the page map can be incorporated vertical or horizontal in the layout. Any products can be used but if you use Robin’s Nest Papers or embellishments you will get bonus entries.
Urban Decay Book Of Shadows Volume 4 Eye Shadow in Zephyr
On the weekend we went for a drive down south of Sydney, through the national park heading towards the new Sea Cliff Bridge.... well it is a couple of years old now but I have been meaning to go down and try it out.
Those moments are incredible, and I love them.
Perhaps Tati is present in the film. In addition to a brief scene featuring Mon Oncle playing in an old theater, Chomet has captured Tati/Hulot’s postures, gait, and mannerisms perfectly. The magician carries an umbrella and even wears the same bow-tie and raincoat and, in one scene, even has the hat of Mr. Hulot. The magician has the same awkward second-guess step and toe-tilting rigidity and balance that Mr. Hulot possessed. His hands always find their way to his hips or outstretched innocently behind him. The magician is a lovingly molded caricature. Where the characters in Triplets and Old Lady were hilariously grotesque exaggerations, the characters of The Illusionist seem to be sculpted with more compassion. Much like Wall-e, the magician’s relative silence and absence of a wide range of facial expression do not hinder the audience from understanding exactly what is transpiring in that little animated brain. His quiet demeanor only give us more understanding of his plight and give him more sympathy.
Hot Sauce(optional) a few dashes, to taste
faucet
- it's the oldest, longest running cyber comte d'guere ensembe in existence - started online in 1912 by Sirs Jacky Fisher and Winston Churchill themselves - an eclective collective of cats both cruel and benign with their ability to put steel on target (figuratively - natch) on a wide variety of topictry across American, Allied, Frenemy and Enemy concerns, memes, delights and discourse.
Britt Reid (Seth Rogen), the son of a wealthy newspaper owner, joins mechanic martial arts expert Kato (Jay Chao) to become masked vigilantes to rid Los Angeles of crime. Rogen adds his characteristic humor in this surprise hit.
Deciding to carry on my spontaneity theme from Saturday, I just told the clerk I wanted the phone and an hour later (following the usual gumph and choosing a price plan), I walked out with an iPhone 4S 32GB device. All I have to do now is cancel the insurance on my existing item and the last vestiges of my 3½ year association with phones4U will have been swept away.
And because Waste Land a film about all of this and more, it is a great film indeed. What begins as an interesting experiment, turning garbage into art, becomes a sociological study of the transformative power of art on people, and of people on the art and the artist. Waste Land shows us how people can be bound together through work and art, not only to each other, but also to their larger socio-political and historical legacy. It is a film about the ways humanity and beauty can be found, thrive even, in the most challenging and unlikely places, when people have the resolve, and the love, to make it so. Most importantly perhaps, is the fact that Waste Land is a real treasure, the sort of heartwarming and life affirming study of people, lacking in both sentimentality and cynicism, that uplifts the audience and elevates the art form.
I always use cotton fabric - you really don't want anything too stretchy, as it just doesn't gather very well.
The photo above comes from a building I never fail to forget exists. It's tucked into the beginning or end of Nevins street. I would love to know Nevin's history but I don't save for the fact that the Fox Studios theater was here in the 30's
School trip groups can learn about the masterful architectural vision of Isambard Kingdom Brunel, the civil engineer who built the Clifton Suspension Bridge, Brunel’s Old Station and many other iconic buildings in Bristol.
“May The Odds Be Ever In Your Favor”
in the nation.
Finally, there’s the pharmacy which is staffed by student Brigaders, and overseen by professional Honduran pharmacists employed by Global Brigades. This room is always a flurry of activity, especially once prescriptions are filled and are handed out to patients. And of course right there in the middle of it all, is the Ready Relief Box.
And he is just SHINING in his classes. HE is the one who is interested in
Nigel Benn was someone who appeared to have everything, having literally fought his way to the very top, along the way earning the sobriquet “The Dark Destroyer”. Yet he fell into drug addictions and had many affairs. One of these hit the papers, and led Caroline almost to despair. One morning, after dropping the kids off at school, she found herself going into an empty church where, for several hours, she wept. She left feeling that she had encountered Christ and announced as much to Nigel – who thought she was cuckoo.
(2) Lucky Star
whether Directive 2006/24 precludes the application of a national provision based on Directive 2004/48, according to which an ISP may be ordered to give a copyright holder information on a subscriber in civil proceedings, thus facilitating the identification of a particular subscriber claimed to have committed an infringement;
1. Clip fingernails or toenails at your desk. This is an important little task, but it is something that should be done in the comfort of your own home. The little click, click, click sound is annoying, and no one wants to see your little nasty nail shards all over the place. Save your manicure for after hours.
He said that it's because the Irish feel very close to their history, and the O'Neills were great fighters against the English and are cherished for it to this day.
- The changing seasons mechanic is not only great for exploration, but it also makes the game a real visual standout among other Game Boy Color titles.
It is this lack of holistic thinking that makes people jump around and try other faiths. I know because I did it as well. Fortunately, my padrino (godfather) and I met and helped me to see life from a different perspective. Of course, it didn’t come quickly. I had to go through a bit of ordeal as you all know, but this ordeal was my trial by fire or leading to my burning bush initiation. It was because of my initiation I began to see the Kamitic tradition differently. Like many, I had read and read the Kamitic legends numerous times and just chalked them up as fanciful stories, which is evidence of my Western education (indoctrination), non-holistic thinking and lack of maturity. When I was undergoing my informal initiation that’s when the truth of the Story of Ra and Oset appeared to me.
Kalinda
door to the squat
But his intuition was continuously telling him that something was surely wrong. It’s just that he couldn’t figure out the something, and THIS was bothering him. He finally decided to give up and go for a stroll instead. The weather was cold when he walked up to his terrace. His breath came out in little puffs as he watched the early rays of the sun rising beneath the wispy clouds. The mellow orange colour of the sun looked beautiful against the light blue sky. The soft breeze fanned his cheeks and it was so enchanting. The chirping of birds seemed like a melody in itself. In fact, it added more beauty to the ambience. For a moment, he forgot all his worries. All the doubts and intricacies got dissolved in this tranquil atmosphere. This is why he loved coming to his terrace.
I commend this show for tackling reality, but I wonder how viewers will react. Don’t we want TV to take us away from ourselves? To let us live another life, or at the very least comfort us about the life we are living? I suppose that “real” adults, with stable jobs and houses and lives will find this show comforting. But what about the rest of us?
I was enjoying my afternoon bonbon (a piece of 78% dark chocolate hand-delivered by my boss who had brought it back from a business trip to Germany. It had these lovely little bits of cocoa that added a nice semi-crunchy texture to the sharp flavor). I was definitely coasting. My creative directors at Ogilvy & Mather, the agency where I worked, always made sure I wasn’t overworked. Which was a good thing since my best friend, AJ, and I were often in the habit of lingering over kir royales at Keith McNally’s fabulous Meatpacking District bistro, Pastis, until 2 a.m. On that particular autumn day, I was wondering if Rafaa, the Romanian gazillionaire I had met the night before, was going to call when Allyson, the agency’s in-house recruiter, walked into my office.
"Yeah, but then I felt bad about it. See you! Why did you pick me out?!"
But believe I am completely fine
Everyone attends the concert
The co-founder of Searchlight Magazine, Gerry Gable, writes regular articles for the magazine and has been listed as its
Flight is expensive. Jan Smuts - Sao Paulo-Bogotá. Container was 134k. Wasting this amount of our cash flow was a Major mistake. Electric appliances here are far superior to the ones in SA, and the voltage is 110v. This is a jungle, so the furniture is cheap and magnificent. Houses are smaller, and half of our belongings are in storage. Further waste of much needed cash.
The Light Consciousness came from Traz Function Farm-Nest
As the pressure on ECB grows to step up its “bid of last resort” for European sovereign bonds, the folks over at Zero Hedge ask the very important question what are consequences if the ‘zone resorts to massive debt monetization? Here is one plausible scenario we’re looking at.
Rating: TV 14
With Easter coming up I'm looking forward to pulling this book out once again and using it with my daycare kids. It would look adorable Easter morning in someones Easter basket, especially for the great price of $6.99 on the Twin Sisters website. They also have other books that are very similar like The Lord Is My Shepherd Read & Sing Along Die-Cut Book or Six Little Ducks Read & Sing Along Die-Cut Book.
like a broken comet
We booked our room on July 10th. Barbara's friend and coworker, Amber, called in and got it all set up for us since she is a cast member and could get us a discount. We got a great 40% off on our room at Caribbean Beach Resort. We picked our travel dates based on availability of a discount for the Disney Dining Plan. We were told that our booking window for the dining plan hadn't opened yet and to call back on August 13th and we'd either be getting 40% or 50% off of the Disney Dining Plan! Woo! Great! We made note to call back then and we went on with picking our Advanced Dining Reservations. All four of us also booked our flights for our chosen dates and we thought we were all set!
me i can't take the chance, i promised
Here is our Christmas card that will be going out soon. We had fun with it this year, especially since the boys were BEYOND silly this year when it came time for Christmas pictures so this worked out for us.
After they finished with me, they all lifted me onto a transport bed (pre-baby it would have taken a team of 20 to do that; post baby it only took 18!). We were taken back to the same recovery room where we started the day. Chris carried the baby as he walked beside the bed. I love that she was in his arms for most of her first hour. In the room, they finished up the baby tests. Unfortunately, she didn't pass her blood glucose screen, which is a test that she got since she was a larger-than-average baby. Because of that, they gave her a bottle of glucose formula. If I'd been more aware or paying more attention, I would have declined it, or requested the chance to breastfeed and then have her re-tested, but it happened so quickly that I didn't get to process it. However, it did mean Chris got to give her a bottle (which she gulped down in record time) and he really loved that. I was so jealous...I still hadn't gotten to hold her. In the second picture, note the nurses engrossed in Judge Judy.
If you give your employees…a clear cut…black and white playbook…and engage in communication and feedback…
Anaru: Oh! Not that name!
I don't want her to grow up. It seems however, that she has other ideas.
and shielded soles.
Today she offered her advice to a few listeners, including whether a guy should wear skinny jeans! Read all the letters below, and add any advice you may have!
Funny Pictures
Posted by Justin "The Claw" at 12:17 AM 0 comments
After the cast was removed, she had a slight limp. She had been accustomed to walking with the cast; she continued to walk as if it was still there. For me, this was a modified Enjoy the Phase You Are in because that meant I didn’t have to chase her around the store. I enjoyed the fact that I could walk while grocery shopping. Then one day it clicked and she was off like a shot.
Check out the videos for the adventurous Disparate Youth and the beat-making Big Mouth embedded below.
What is your favorite theme, game, goody ?
I used two different freezer jam pectins. The one on the left you add sugar too and the one on the right has the sugar included. I can't really tell the difference. I had the one on hand and the other was what the store had. There is a price difference, but if you figure that you don't have to add the sugar, then it probably evens out.
SRM: 38
I just wanted to let you know that the reason I left all the comments on the last post unmoderated over the weekend is that we went to see my son compete in the state-level forensics tournament at Susquehanna University. Thomas, a sophomore, made the finals round in Persuasive Speaking, which we arrived in time to watch, and "scored big points with the judges" (a quote from his speech) with his original presentation, "An Abridged Speech." He took first place, which was actually the first competition he'd won this year; good time to shine. He's also qualified for nationals in the Catholic Forensics League, and he's first alternate (third place in PA) for nationals in the National Forensics League. We're very proud of him.
Thanks for the helpful insight John, and I look forward to your next post.
Q: Expand, please, on these sentences from an interview with you: Accident or not, Lehane has kept a firm hand on the professional aspects of his writing as well as the creative, understanding as he does the reverberations that a small thing can have on an entire career. "Where you enter the ladder," says Lehane in relation to a writing career, "I think, indicates how far you're going up it."
At BeyondWater we’re just going to keep on keeping on. No big surprises, exaggerated promises or saying stuff we’re not going to keep to.
Only portions of California and a spec in South Dakota even reach the 9 on the perfect weather index tomorrow May 3rd, 2012. Areas around Bakersfield (mainly on the west side of the San Juaquin Valley) will see the best weather in the nation. And as I mentioned, one tiny area around Oelrichs, South Dakota gets to a 9. Certainly not a bad day around Philadelphia or the mountainous areas of the Southwest. By far the worst weather will be found in the southwest part of Oregon and Northern California. Brookings, Oregon is expecting 1-2<U+2033> of rain and gusty winds. Hot humid and windy from west Texas to Chicago makes for low perfect weather scores.
All three lead size models of the Rapid Pro are essentially stylistically and mechanically the same. The only differences are at the ends of the pencils. Lets start at the top.
A dozen or so years later, an artistic promoter in London comes up with the idea of a wonder-filled circus. He finds the best designers, performers, and creative minds and creates the Night Circus. It is only open at night. It appears in different locations around the world without announcement. Its performers are all silent. And all the sets and costumes are only in the colors black and white.
Norwich’s hopes of getting anything from the game were, however, short-lived as an inspired push for an equaliser ultimately ended in the visitors enhancing their lead over the Canaries.
Heroic in its nakedness,
Brains
Foursight - 4.5% - Copper-coloured beer.
In the same skillet, saute onion and garlic in remaining butter until
“I'm on to you,” I muttered.
Actually, I've been really tired since lunchtime. I don't know quite why, maybe it's the damp and dreary weather, because Dilly says she's tired too with no particular reason. I went to sleep for a while this afternoon, curled up in an armchair (and woke with indigestion as a consequence) and it took me ages to get going again. And now, honestly, all I can think of is going to bed. I went to make some coffee, in the hope of it waking me up a bit, but couldn't be bothered when I discovered I had to grind more beans (I usually grind enough for two or three days at a time) so made Earl Grey fumé instead. And if I'm too tired to use an electric grinder, perhaps bed is the best place for me.
Palpatine: sputtering Alright. Stop it. I told you to cut it out! You've forced my hand. stands and holds hands out in front of him, firing purple lightning at Luke Actually, you've forced both my hands! cackles
That show was an eye opening moment for me. Deep down I have always known that I needed to let things go so we both can move on with our lives. But yes, it is easier said than done. However, that day was the beginning of actually knowing and wanting to really put things behind me and to Let It Go. I am still struggling with this but I am now consciously making efforts to release all the bad memories and pain and to just Surrender…
Daniel Pipes: I am a historian of Islam with a special interest in the role of Islam in public life. I received my Ph.D. in 1978, just as Ayatollah Khomeini appeared. For the first time in modern history, Islam had a large and obvious role in Western public life. What had been in the 1970s an abstract interest turned very practical. Islamic matters subsequently became very topical. That prompted me to transit from medieval history to current events. While I cover many other topics besides Islam, Islam remains central to my interests. I have a perspective I hope is useful to understand the role of Islam in politics.
Okay, so apparently "stretch" involves throwing a switchblade at the floor, then making your opponent "stretch" to grab it without falling. Sounds like a Redneck Olympic event. The captain of the ferry watches the "game" for a second or two, then turns his attention to Nikki, who appears to be undressing. Hubba, this chick is pretty attractive. A ferry-mate(that doesn't look or sound right, but I'll be damned if I can think of the correct term for him...) is watching the show, as is Hal, the preppy douchebag.
He is a TOTAL pest, and completely perfect for our little kingdom.
Large handful coriander (cilantro) roughly chopped
In 2003, you had posters from Popi magazine, small dummies of concept books ideas, and drawings by and photos of your children on your wall. What's on your walls these days?
the hurt lessens
But alas, the belt means nothing when it isn’t the focus. I’m going to harp on Daniel Bryan because with his title reign and his subsequent battle to reclaim it, the belt is the focus. When he first one the belt, he was elated. Slowly it began to turn his persona more and more evil, as he was constantly trying to keep the belt and you KNEW he was trying to keep the belt. Him screaming “YES!” was a testament to this desire and still is. He kissed the belt versus getting kissed by AJ, another small fact (I notice the small things). When he lost it, he dropped the girl (who suddenly got very VERY attractive) and began his reign as the new anti-hero: Yes! Man*. Yes! Man flies through the ring with his index fingers high and demolishes his opponents with his powerful attack renamed from martial arts: the Yes! Lock*. And with this powerful lock and tremendous determination he climbs the lonely mountain to reach the object of his desire, his precious World Heavyweight Championship*!
Keith Eugene Coleman, 34, Warren, N.J.
LA LUCIA: Elderly pensioner couple overpowered, tied up, assaulted and robbed by armed attackers.
As for accountability here are my goals for the week.....
and looked her in the eyes
Members of the Counterjihad movement were present in Ashkelon (Israel) today, listening to various experts on Israeli matters in the morning, before taking a conducted tour of the flashpoint areas of Sderot and the Gaza border in the afternoon.
A minute of so after mile 7 I decided to turn to the bottle in my fuel belt filled with flat redbull(I can’t stand the texture of gels)! My line was thinking was that the burst of energy could propel me to mile 10, and then it would be all guts from there! Once it kicked in, it worked! From mile 7-9 I really picked up the pace; it also helped that this part of the route went through part of the Fayetteville trail system, which took the wind of the equation for a little while.
"Pssh, yes," I said. "Obviously. It's Friday night, but right now I would rather go home and watch Netlfix with yoooou."
The truth of the matter is we have decided to…
The fears pile up.
To be honest the physical limitations this 'incident' has caused are one of the factors that prompted me to cut my ties at work sooner than was originally anticipated, I just couldn't tackle those stairs 50 times/day anymore.(As if the hand/wrist problems weren't enough!)
Dear with my treasure
Sure, they steal your heart away.
2 duty
I had a midwife appointment on Wednesday. I know I complain a lot about the care I've been receiving and this is no different. I was in the waiting room for about 10 minutes, got called back by a nurse who took my weight and blood pressure, and then she took me back in the back to wait for the midwife. I saw my midwife for a total of 5 minutes! She asked if I've had any bleeding, I told her no but I had those contractions last week and she just said they were normal and dropped the subject. She then measured my belly, asked about my weight gain and told me I'm doing the glucose test in two weeks. After that she might as well have pushed me out the door because she made me feel like our 5 minutes was up and I had to go. With the huge rush I totally forgot about a few questions I had for her. So I left the appointment kind of upset, but unfortunately there's nothing I can do about any of it. No civilian doctors are going to take me this late in my pregnancy. Another thing the midwife mentioned was that she was going to see me in two weeks (and the only reason it's two weeks was because the front desk people messed up and didn't schedule my glucose test for the current appointment so they had to schedule it in two weeks) after my glucose test appointment she would see me four weeks after that, then four weeks after that, then two weeks and two weeks. I googled last night when most people start seeing their midwife/OB every two weeks in the pregnancy and it usually starts at week 28 and then at week 36 they want to see you once a week!!!! If I went to a doctor that followed those timelines then I would see my doctor another 9 times or so before my due date. My midwife only wants to see me 5 times before my delivery!!! Not to mention, it won't even be the same midwife each time. Oh well, at least I know better for the next time we get pregnant- I refuse to go through the naval hospital!!! Sorry, enough ranting about how horrible they all are. At least Jaxon is healthy and growing stronger each day.
Private Intelligence Companies and the Provision of Violence
respect who I am..
A few of my favs?
Have a wonderful rest of the week!
According to the report on OregonLive.com, the crash involved a Ford F350 pickup and a Nissan Versa. At about 3:55 Monday afternoon, the two vehicles collided on the 19800 block of Tillstrom Road. The crash caused the pickup to roll over onto its side, while the Nissan went down an embankment.
So you are probably wondering what has happened since I started to de-clutter.
What kind of setbacks have you faced in your journey to fit?
Caralie, after our visit to urgent care. She dropped a jar of applesauce on her foot and had to get 3 stitches.
I didn’t need to say anything before giving a little push, and sliding my penis inside of her. Yes, without a condom. No, she wasn’t on the pill. Yes, we got pretty good at the “pull-out method.” Yes, we had a few “I’m late” scares in our relationship. No, I never got her pregnant. I tried to think of ways to describe this, but there’s not really any good ones. It was wet, smooth, not loose, and felt really good. Good luck finding someone who can describe what sex feels like for a guy better than that.
Americans favor more environmentally friendly energy solutions when they are presented with various choices for addressing the nation’s energy problems.
What about the next governor? If Spitzer leaves, he'd be replaced by Lieutenant Governor David Paterson. Here's a New York Observer profile of Paterson, which described him as having "a complicated relationship with the truth." Then again, it's as unlikely he's as driven by ego as Spitzer, which suggests he's more amenable to compromise.
Call the company you are interested in and ask the hiring manager if you could schedule a time to come in and ask a few questions about the company. If you tell them you are considering a career in that field, you may be able to secure a time to talk with the manager and potentially get that contact you were interested in. Once they meet you and if you come across put together and professional, they may divulge information about future hiring opportunities.
A bunch of asparagus, chopped into 2cm lengths (approx)
at 579 (internal quotation marks and citation omitted, alteration incorporated); Davis, 246 F.3d at 174 (same). The test almost perfectly describes Koons's adaptation of “Silk Sandals”: the use of a fashion photograph created for publication in a glossy American “lifestyles” magazine-with changes of its
The behind-the-scenes creative team includes cinematographer Bruno Delbonnel, Oscar
Muscle and blood and skin and bones
punishable by death. I was once told a legend on the lethal protocol
Date night - A recipe for a date night in with the hubs after Pierce goes to bed
Amazing. I have to say that my favorite was the waffle with the mushroom. Wait, I also loved the clam. The spritzer tasted fantastic. We continued to learn about the mushrooms and schmooze. Hank signed books (which Dr. Food told me to bring mine and I didn't and I should have) and chatted with all of us.
If you're using Windows, you can also make use of a feature called Run As. To access this, hold you mouse over the shortcut - say Internet Explorer - and hold shift as you click with the right hand side mouse button. You should see an option to Run as a different user. Click that and enter the user name and password you created earlier. Internet Explorer will now open on the same desktop as your main user, but it will be under a different account, so the favourites and history will not mix in with yours. Sadly, this doesn't work with Firefox, but other browsers might be fine.
The town was a center of activity during both the Revolutionary and Civil Wars, although no significant battles took place there. Trenches were dug on the property of the Weems-Botts Museum during the Civil War, and many soldiers from both the North and the South passed through here. The house was likely used by officers during this period; it probably was not used as a field hospital, although the Henderson House up the street was. Approximately 9000 Civil War soldiers are buried in unmarked graves in the area around the museum and under the nearby interstate. These soldiers died while camped on and around the property, mainly due to measles; they were all Confederate and hailed mostly from Alabama, Georgia, and Texas.
Tomorrow is a catalyst
NOTE: If you live in a test market (such as San Diego, where I live) then I'm so sorry to tell you that Wednesday was the last day of the 40% off sale. In test markets, the weekly sales start on Thursdays instead of Sundays but, for everyone else, you have until this Saturday night to see if your Rite Aid has the Balm Stain display out so you can grab some at a fantastic price.
TAKE INTO ACCOUNT THE TIME ZONES
Head on over to the Skipping Stones Designs blog to get all the detail and see the rest of the samples everyone made using this weeks sketch.
Now where things get a little serious…A Cautionary Tale of Colon Cancer:
While the review focused on the food (which is delicious), the reviewer did give a shout out to the decor, calling the restaurant "stylishly decorated and very welcoming." If you are ever in the New Orleans are and want some high-end Indian influenced food, check it out. But they're only open on Friday night.
People who hate my work want me to shut up and shut down. People who like my work want me to shut the crudeness off and continue.
As I sent Liam off to go play at his gramma and papa's today and told them to please feel free to keep him until bedtime, I stopped him at the door and took an extra minute to kiss him about 20 times and squeeze him hard... and the love I feel for him even in spite of his less than perfect moments is a shining example of the love God has for me... and for you.
One of my new Prima flowers was a perfect colour match for the paper too, love it when that happens.... and seriously I have half a drawer full of pins, so why not use two leaves on the one card!!
PLG #26 Create a card, scrapbook page, 3D item, knit, crochet, anything you are inspired to make by the photo at the top of this post. All we ask is that you have FUN with it! Link your project up by 8pm PST using Mr. Linky below by Wednesday, April 11th. Please link directly to your blog entry. If you are posting on SplitCoast or another website use the keyword PLG#26.
Today’s blog challenge is: What is something you wonder “what if…” about?
So, time to branch out a little.
Or ground turkey, onions, peppers, pinto beans and cheese.
Since her teens, what Sarah wants, Sarah gets! If she wants something, it matters not if she’s qualified – “I deserve it, because I want it” Palin is far from the only MK masquerading on the political stage, some of your most beloved “public servants” are Mind Controlled Slaves! MK’s can have hundreds or thousands of alters (mind files) prog’md into their systems — more on Palin MK Prog’mg reinforcement see ”Palin, Beck, Fox News & Statue of Liberty”
I have been sleeping and am just now getting around to officially accepting it.
The Visa partnership is an iconic staple of the Olympic Games – and despite a downturned economy and harsh times for financial companies, Visa has renewed its partnership and will be the only credit card accepted at the 2012 Summer Olympic Games in London, England and through all games until 2020.
* Freezer/cupboard audit so I can ..
“Ah’ so much fun, so much horror,
I feel like there are infinite threads of our lives, different paths with different experiences and futures, stretching out before us and when we buy a house, we will not only be choosing a thread, but cutting through all the others. One chosen house means a thousand unchosen lives. Goodbye Mrs. Smith who hands out caramel apples on Halloween. No more tree fort in the perfect tree with the fork. So long sliding down wooden stairs in sleeping bags.
And I know how I can do it.
John was already trying to worm his way off of the
…Today I start my career as a serious journalist. I might not be the best yet, but I only plan on getting better. I have a feeling that something is going on up in Canada and while I can’t get there, I can take a look from here and see if I can’t help figure some of the confusing bits out for everyone. Not only have I scored an exclusive Skype interview with someone fleeing this riot, she actually has an idea about what is really going on! Without further ado, I give you my interview with Julie Odette, a resident of Toronto and witness to the situation that’s unfolding there.
Here’s how the letter came to me, and below that, a careful and more pensive response.
he suffered, died, and was buried.
I know what I need to do, in fact I have written it all down and have a recipe book to pull from ever meal that I need to create, cook and eat so that my body is fueled correctly. I know how to workout and in fact I crave it but with my current stress levels and lack of what I would call free time to get out there and bust ass, I am as I stated struggling to get back in the game as it were. Am I still riding my bike? Absofuckinloutly! that is something that I won't stop doing as its one of the things in life where I find pure joy but I am not in fact riding enough. I haven't ridden during the week in months, My only riding takes place on the weekend with a riding buddy and that's approximately 20 to 25 miles at a go which is as I said not enough.
5x World top division top scorer
Jeans - Top Shop
Where is this water
7) Sweatshirt pillows. I have a few sweatshirts that just don't fit nicely anymore or are starting to fall apart. My goal is to make some sweatshirt pillows (especially my 3 college sweatshirts). I got the idea from this person here: http://remixedstitches.blogspot.com/2010/12/easy-repurposed-sweatshirt-pocket.html
Will gravely affect
COST: $5 suggested donation benefiting SafePlace
How can you be so unaware of your surroundings, or put servers so low on the totem pole that you honestly think anyone in an apron is the same person?
I think I’d better save up for my plane ticket…
Bud i now myself when i make stamp of my daughter and some of the dog.
In any school of Wisdom and knowledge it was customary to introduce to the disciples first the “Minor Mysteries” and then the “Major Mysteries”, where the emphasis was given around the authority of the teachings. Undoubtedly, modern Christianity has lost its mystical and esoteric teachings and its effects have been observed especially among more educated people. It is no surprise that many intelligent and highly ethical people have strayed from the churches because of the current teachings of the church, as they regard them as contrary to their sense of morals or an attempt against their intelligence.
unbearable for people of various ethnic groups as a way to deter
Yes, I am finally back.......
Tessa Gray leaves America to join her brother in England. When she arrives in England she is held captive by two women she knows as the Dark Sisters and she discovers that she has the ability to shapeshift into other people. Once Tessa seems to have mastered her new ability, the Dark Sisters tell Tessa that she is to marry a man known only as the Magister. Tessa attempts to escape and, with the aid of two young Shadowhunters, she is able to do so. It does not take long for them to realize that there is much more going on than they are aware of and that the Magister is behind it all.
This goes out to all the breeder trolls who have called me “heartless,” “cold,” etc.!
Each year, we sit down in the Coffee House with a bit of fancy paper each and write our resolutions, which we keep in a little gift bag on the kitchen noticeboard. In 2010 we made little mini-books which, whilst beautiful, gave us rather too much space; we all felt obliged to come up with enough pledges to fill the things. Faced with the possibility of quite so much life-enhancing change, I began to make vague and sweeping statements which had no hope of being satisfactorily fulfilled.
(her foal as a yearling)
Although a tear may be ever so near
When he gets in trouble, even if you explain it in the sweetest way, his eyes still fill up. His eyelids start to turn pink...and it just breaks my heart:).
Fellow expats in Kenya were going through the same process. The bits which seem so alien from a Kenyan reality:
Rifts – Promise of Power (N-Gage)
I will not be
"When word and silence become mutually exclusive, communication breaks down, either because it gives rise to confusion or because, on the contrary, it creates an atmosphere of coldness; when they complement one another, however, communication acquires value and meaning."
release into the body, (individuallly and as noetic polity) and
I have always been a club man in the past, supporting Nottingham Forest as my father did before me and holding a season ticket for 21 consecutive seasons. That run was broken when I had a family, as I suppose that it does for many people, and although the kids are growing up it has never re-started.
of the Apostle’s Creed went
Hurray, I thought. And I thanked her. Then, I clicked on the link, only to go to the same page I was before.
M said it. The reason we seek distraction in the crunch time is denial. Trying to deny that we really need to do this.
5) Love Cry Want- Angel’s Wing- 4:46
Three of the crew members are French; they don't speak English but since the firm specializes in international moves, they make it a practice to label the boxes so they will be understandable on the other end. (And I can tell you with 100 percent certainty that the movers in DC may speak Spanish but they sure won't speak French. ) Amid the boxes and rolls of tape, I noticed the cheat sheet they were using with translation of common moving terms from French to English. And how could I not share some of these with you?
Postal scams
My husband does not like mints and wouldn't even try them.
13. Is spontaneous
Usually, when I color an image and make the card,
I may well add to this Weekend Review later – but I need to have a quick glass of rioja…. It is Sunday afternoon, after all.
I said I made a conscious decision to change, but I believe adolescence played a big part in it also. I had all of the hormonal changes going on, I was changing physically, my head was full of thoughts about my adoption, my adoptive parents were very strict and quite suffocating and I was becoming more outgoing and independent socially, meaning I craved more independence. I wanted some freedom, maybe to find myself and learn about life in my own way… as all teenagers do I guess. My adoptive parents and I clashed in a big way when I was a pre teen and then a teenager. Especially my Dad and I.
We The Prayer Team, are with you now in thought and spirit. We send you energy and love from our souls to yours and we pray that you will all feel it and know how very loved you are.
1 cup sugar
Sometimes I think that it’s not a matter of opinion that matters (hehe), but rather respecting each other’s opinions. Thank God for subjects in schools like thinking skills and history where you are required to decide for yourself how the events really took place or what actually happened. The only sad thing is that not everyone takes those subjects and critical thinking is not an integral part of education as a whole. At the end of the day it is important to take very seriously-relating to anything-the question, “What do you think? ” Whether you’re in the role of judging someone or something, or forming an opinion on an outfit, food, places to go (including vacation trips), or making small and big decisions about anything. I believe this is where it all really starts when you think about it. The more you practice critical thinking with small things, the easier it is to do the same with more serious things such as relationships, properties, businesses and so on.
Baekhyun nodding, his lips make a smile. “Yes, he is nice.”
nape boy-wide. Glinting hairs
With the help of the Internet, I did a bit of research on the current methods for body casting and read commentary from others who had hints and tips. After selecting one method to try, I went to several stores to find the needed materials. Then at 4 PM, in the garage, with a black plastic sheet over the floor, I filled a bucket with water and began to cut strips of gauze. Then I took off all of my clothes (yes, I did) and sat on the floor with dozens of gauze strips around me. All different sizes. Very important: use lots of Vaseline on the skin that will touch plaster. Lots of Vaseline, or you may have to chisel the plaster off your skin later.
It is true that there are some things I was dying to blog about but have held off due to privacy concerns. To name a few: the feeling when you find out a girl has a crush on your son, what it feels like to know your son has a crush on a girl, and raging hormones of the teen years and how hard it is to live with a moody teen.
Sometimes something I see inspires me to realize how great our world is and how inspiring it can be just to live in it. Some years ago I saw a video Matt Harding made. He decided to quit his job and travel the world. Along the way he videotaped himself doing a silly dance in the most exotic places. I can’ t really say why it inspires me. Maybe it’s the music. Maybe it’s just the free way that he dances, letting life go, with a smile on his face, really enjoying his opportunity to live and be able to do this. Maybe sometimes that’s all we need to be inspired to get out of bed. I hope you enjoy Matt and the world he dances in.
However, the site is undergoing a redesign and will include geo-ip currency targeting by country in the near future.
Chuck grew up and now works for the government. He's currently figuring out how to give us our money back.
The doctor called in a penicillin prescription that I had to wait another 30 minutes for at the pharmacy.
When its a rainy day and you're in a pinch for someplace fun and cheap to take your kids to, sometimes McDonalds Playplace is the only thing that comes to mind. At least, thats how it is for me! I don't always like to take the kids to the same old neighborhood McDonalds, though. I try to make things a little more exciting by finding new Mcdonalds to check out. You can easily find a list of McDonalds restaurants with playplaces by entering your zipcode into the McDonalds Locator.
Under Sharia Law Dhimmitide is the submissive state that the people of the book (Christians and Jews) are permitted to live in as long as they pay their allotted Jizya (protection money).
Exaggerate each feature until man is metamorphosed into beast, vermin, insect
Even if I didn't know Ian very well, that death devastated me, and I returned to the familiar: Steven.
I love bracelets – you can see them and enjoy them while you’re wearing them!
Well-built and tough. Don't know how well-built I am, but I am tough. Stubborn and tough have definitely been my allies through life.
*Blog about this giveaway (please re-post often!)
Immediately, my husband went out and approached other native tourists who were holidaying there. He knocked every door at that odd hour, some responded and some did not. In the meantime, he encountered a joint family having members from an infant to an elderly on wheel chair enjoying a walk after dinner. My husband expressed his woes and asked for help from them too. They promptly took my husband to one of their rooms and offered some medicines which were prescribed by the physician and a packet of Electral. They also assured him to feel free for any sort of help any time during that night. He came back and gave me those medicines and told me about that lovely family. I could see the respite and confidence in his eyes. I too blocked negative thoughts and took those medicines.
Several questions arise in my mind when I read this thought process of Smith’s. First of all, how does one know if their dead relative got the chance to hear the gospel in spirit prison? Secondly, how could someone ever presume that their dead relative would even accept the gospel? Third, if, as many Mormon leaders teach today, that all people will be caught up in the first two levels of heaven regardless of whether they’re Mormon believer or not (i.e. they deny the concept of hell), then what is the point of baptizing the dead? Aren’t we all already going to heaven?
Theme: Colourful Healthy Food
The same theory applies in our daily life, when our friend do something touching our heart or just serve us a dinner.
An empathetic person is able to walk out of her zone and get into something that may be foreign to her, to understand it and to acknowledge the other’s experience as accurate for that person.
“Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, and thou shalt be saved” Acts 16:31, while there is still time!
Erica Smolders –Without a doubt, the years spent working in Australia, Hong Kong and Singapore and were the most inspiring and influential experience I could have asked for as a young designer.
Happy Friday! This week, for my Outfit Friday post, I am stepping out of the box again. Continually inspired by Navimie’s exponentially popular Super Hero outfits idea, I have been seeing Super Heroes everywhere! However, instead of another Super Hero for your mogging pleasure, today I would like to introduce you my favorite Faerun couple: Drizzt Do’Urden and Catti-brie!
I am holding your heart in My hands
It is in a public school this happened. If it was a private, religious school, that is different. But, many people did not choose to send their kids to private school because they do not want only one religion shoved in their face. Or, some people cannot afford private school and would love to have their children taught religion in school (which will be their responsibility when their children get home).
before the 'signing of the books' ritual in the signing tent. All those who hadn't asked their questions came up and did so. Very chatty they were too. I had a photo opportunity with the nice kids from Strathyre in the Trossachs who'd come a long way and very nearly not made it. And then...then I had tea in the yurt with the Bookwitch and her lovely daughter, Helen. The Bookwitch writes a pretty fabulous blog, so the next day I was flattered to feature in it along with my lucky red coat. She was even polite about my talk.
BS: I is a college student.
His foot came loose, he made it free,
So, in addition to keeping the kids busy I am on a mission to increase my score. Sad? Maybe, but very true. I am really, really annoyed by my lack of athletic prowess at this ....sport???
Hubby and I celebrate our third wedding anniversary in ONE week, so I wanted to blog about the best (I think only) engagement gift we received. My mom bought us the beautiful photograph below, but here's the "awwwww" part:
The doctors and nurses assessed my mother as having a score of 26 out of 30 when she was admitted to hospital. She is capable, even though I was telling her everything that the doctor said, repeating the same message in different words until I could see that she'd finally understood what I was conveying to her.
So when in the Chi and looking for a place to party and hang out have a good time enjoy some great drinks, stop by Vibe(1543 N. Kingsbury) and visit Erendida. I'm very sure, considering how passionate she is about the industry, and the fact that she truly enjoys being a bartender, you will not be disappointed!!
Get into a taxi with FB under a grey Parisian sky. Silently sulk and do my usual "I'm in a reeeeally sad music video where no one understaaaands me" pensive look out the window. The radio is on and again, some of the words are in my head and I am somehow understanding them......
- For a ANOTHER chance to win become a follower of From India. With Love. - scroll to the bottom of the main page and you'll see the widget thingy. (sorry if you already follow you don't get a second entry!)
Alice-Louise Press provides: Beautiful, original letterpress stationary for your wedding day. From save the dates to the thank you cards and everything in between.
Not that anyone going into Silent Night Deadly Night Part 2 is going in for a realistic depiction of murderous madness, a la Henry: Portrait Of A Serial Killer, but when your headlining killer's biggest contribution to the Mad Slasher world is the creation of an awkward Internet meme ("GarBAGE Day!!!"), suffice it to say there's not much hope that he's going to be all that threatening. He can electrocute as many people he wants to with battery cables, impale them on umbrellas, strangle them with car antennae, and shoot innocent bystander after innocent bystander - but he is not a threat: he's more like a "Saturday Night Live" character they introduce at about the 1:00 AM mark.
It’s an interesting and keenly observant article. However, the conclusion alluded to in the title is misguided. The writer portrays the Hipster movement as if it is the most recent heir in a rich tradition of countercultures which ends the line of succession by absorbing the mainstream, rather than rejecting it, and eventually exploding… or maybe imploding. I’m not sure. The “exploding/imploding” metaphor is mine, not his. Regardless, he says the movement ends, taking Western civilization with it.
But for so long the politicians were blind to all of this. In Bath, one of England’s most beautiful cities, the Liberal Democrat-led council even proposed to erect a 240ft wind turbine on the hills just to the south. The scheme was heavily promoted by a local landowner, the only person who stood to benefit in windfall profits. It was only after mass protests, and a threat by UNESCO to take away the city’s world heritage status, was the proposal reluctantly dropped.
determining the application program thread to be in a user operation mode; and
Back last year I tried Left Hand's Milk Stout and commented that I quite liked the style of stout, sweeter than normal due to the milk sugars but not too sweet. I also mentioned it was a shame that I couldn't see any more beers like this over here, RedNev pointed out that Mackesons was indeed a milk stout.
A Partial History of Lost Causes by Jennifer Dubois Contest Winner!
“We will not stop until this government’s self-made problems are solved, like the power shortage, water shortage, rise in gas prices and rise in food product prices,” the group said.
This is but the tip of the iceberg. For 500+ more examples of savage genocidal Black-on-White racism, please visit http://www.dienuwesuidafrika.com/
I have to admit.Sometimes love comes out of nowhere, other times it’s a gift from God “just because.” We can’t know what’s around each corner but if we greet love positively,we thrive.The love inside may be struggling in ways we can’t know and not all gifts come with motives.
There’s quite possibly a fair bit more here…
So can long distance relationships really work?
We’ve been around 2,000 years.
Serve with sour cream, avocado slices, cheese or salsa.
through rivers
Hello and happy Wednesday!!
Sorry Sarada, Sorry Lakshmi, Sorry Uma! I did not know how to take care of you.
So did the first 'Marlboro Man.'
She is also a connoisseur of fine foods. No burritos for her. Her day usually starts with a cup of tea and her toast and Vegemite. She also has a penchant for pasta and baked beans. If it's on our plates, she thinks it's good dog tucker.
Siskind’s most recent album “Novel” was released in 2011 and features her powerful voice while utilizing traditional instruments, including her beloved Gibson, as well as salt canisters, dry rice, and oatmeal boxes as a percussion section. She made a snare out of a storage box with sheets of paper taped to the top. Swept away by the muse, Sarah would continue to record the rest of the songs this way, finishing it with just one microphone, several guitars (including her beloved Gibson, Larry), and “found sounds” from her home back in Nashville. Sarah engineered, tracked and produced “Novel” with no boundaries, no one else in the room, on her own.
Then a messenger shows up.
What a lovely day and night. The drive to work held an hour worth of Espanol for Gringos. Is it sinking in? What did I learn? Unfortunately un poquito. I did learn that Rosetta Stone totally immerses the student in Spanish with no English words.
Rashun Dixon OAK I 20
If you are going to add additional layers of card stock to mat photos, I would suggest only having three total pages to your album. I think it would be too bulky to close if you use more.
What saddens me is that probably 90% of American voters already believe that we are a Democracy because of the twisted words of Ms Polosi and what used to be a free press.
The measures are taken as contingency for possible attack by Iran on US troops or blocking of the Strait of Hormuz, the vital oil transit route, the US says.
our design team and this week, I wasn't sure which
in fulfillment of the Scriptures;
Millions are spoken every day?
I should have never doubted Kagawa’s storytelling ability. While the story isn’t wholly original, girl turned into monster tries to fight her inner demons and save some of her humanity, Kagawa managed to breathe new life (pardon the pun) into this story.
This is what all those movies are about. Everyone who doesn’t have an intimate relationship with Jesus, is on a lifelong quest to find Him whether they know it or not. My prayer today is that they are open enough to His calling their name so that they hear His voice and seek Him!! Dear God, please let it be so today!!
now the kitchen tap drips its steady beat, a tree’s
Opening night – an exciting, anxiety-ridden and thrilling experience for a playwright. Sometimes I think we must be masochists. It is a nerve-wracking experience watching your play performed on opening night. After years of work, hours and hours of laboring over the script, several readings and workshops… you finally find out if it works when it is before a live audience. You put it out there, your creation, for the world to judge.
Reason 9:
A few months ago, I snapped a picture of my Grandma kissing my neice, Mya.
the Obama administration?
Personal Page to Mr.Mixologist is facebook.com/DrinksOnMe
Very true! I first realized that when I started to teach at a school that followed a more communicative approach (whatever that really means) instead of a ‘drill ‘em to death’ approach; the latter being roughly how I was taught.
As I was scouring the internet for web gems this week, I found quite a few pictures of children terrified by a giant stuffed rabbit.
What a stink'in good deal, right?
She was having a hard time zooming in and out for a couple days.
By Ryan Mauro
3. Not tense or taut; loose: a slack rope; slack muscles.
On the hand, whenever faced with that age old question: Which came first? (Chicken or the egg? The Gods or mankind?) I’ve always tended to answer “Yes.” Why? Because when both are inextricably linked, a specific causality doesn’t matter to anyone except those who prefer the exact letter of the law to the spirit of it. As I see it, we would not exist were it not for the gods, however, the gods would not exist were it not for our belief and myths. Sort of a theological perpetual motion machine without any real beginning or end. It, we, they, simply are.
Because we were not helpless children, we were trusted to be home without a baby sitter. Because our parents didn’t want us to be lazy, or messy, we kept up the house. And our punishments-when we were outrageous, as we often were-involved a complete loss of all recreational devices. TV cords, computer keyboards, books, toys, all removed, sometimes permanently, depending on value.
-I usually like to oil the muffin tins lightly and bake the muffins directly inside the tins but it's easier to bake them and giveaway as gifts if they are baked in muffin paper cups. I find they dry out at the bottom more if baked in paper cups so I placed the muffin tray on a large cookie sheet to see if the paper cup muffins will bake better that way. The cookie sheet at the bottom also helps with catching overflowing dough as it rises. This method helped with keeping the muffin bottom more moist.
Oh, was that an obvious, easy, and incredibly lame attempt at humor? Well, imagine that for 105 minutes and you’ve got WILD WILD WEST, a film with lots of talent and not much to admire. Here’s what I like: Kevin Kline as President Grant. Here’s what I don’t like: almost everything else.
Ok, once the heel is finished, you continue knitting the long tube, just as you did before when you made the foot section, all the way up the leg to the desired length.
One of the great 19th century American "fireside poets"
embroidery floss and needle
six packs for another chaudin. Crawfish prices however, are headed
1 – Fernando ALONSO (Ferrari)
Martin Narey, chief executive of Barnardo's, told the BBC that detaining children in Yarl's Wood was "very, very damaging", but "not because staff there are monsters or because it's run badly".
Good communication is essential and has always resulted in good business dealings as well as securing lifetime clients. Sometimes in order to communicate efficiently one must do so in the language of those we serve. It is not a matter of not being true to who we are and our origins, but expanding who we have been up to now as a business entity, in order to reach a broader market. It is good business, therefore it makes sense now more than ever to translate our businesses and services into Spanish. This is especially true for businesses offered at a national level.
Welcome to May 2012! Let me help orient you to several key highlights of this super-spectacular month:
Hi friends!! Just a friendly reminder .. we LOVE seeing all those creations, but only those following the challenge rules will be entered to win any sponsored giveaways. This week we are being sponsored by BUGABOO, so only entries using a Digi Darla OR Bugaboo image will qualify for a chance to win 7 Bugaboo images!! Check out our CURRENT CHALLENGE and come join us!!!
She focused on Tarn's features and saw his weakness with a piercing insight. It was though she could see through the pale flesh to the spirit inside--a spirit thinned and weakened, bruised and weary. It was her first deepseeing and though she didn't have a name for what she was doing, she understood how it worked. She leaned closer still, cupped Tarn's face in her hands, and breathed his name into the silence.Through 50 pages, Tarn was already an excellent protagonist and the tinkers were a nice group of side characters; now in these scenes, Carrie emerges as an interesting figure as well. Meanwhile, de Lint also shows us Tarn's state as an exhausted shape-shifter from his point of view:In the deepest holds of Tarn's taw, he was all the shapes he had ever worn. He was a multitude of configurations that watched each other with eyes of gold and grey and mauve--those that had eyes. They were distanced, one from the other, but in that distancing, there was a sense of elusive oneness, a unity that drifted just beyond remembrance, beyond recognition.
How does a PCV in Kolky, Ukraine live?
If you are in Brazil and have the opportunity to grab one of these at a feira, I highly recommend you do.
WAU- We all understand
So,next time you go for a walk,make time to really look at the nature in all it's glory--Get up close,look at the tiny flowers under your feet,you will be amazed.
So, I was shopping the other day and ran into an old friend who asked me how the “book business” was going. I said, “Same as usual. Sporadic sales. Well wishes from friends.” And then she asked me what I was working on, if anything. (A big clue she wasn’t following my blog!!#!). Well, in her defense, she needed a lesson in how to even find it. (I can understand that . . . I’m relatively computer illiterate). But then she asked how I know so much. Huh? Me? (She had read all of my books–Yay!–and was continually amazed at how much info is in them). Well, I said I don’t really know much at all. I do my homework. Research. Research. Research. For instance, John Victor’s current adventure takes place in the region where my brother (the real JV) heard there was lost treasure. The Tucson area. BINGO! I googled Tucson. Learned where the name came from. Learned about some of the mining and treasure hunting there. For instance the copper mine in Bisbee. And the desert! A plethora of info there! The flora, the fauna, the history of a region. Every little tidbit can become one of the building blocks of the story.
Apparently that is the term for "Gay Husband."
I have some exciting news to share today. I have been nominated for the 2011 Most Fascinating Teaching Blog. I would love if everyone would take the time to vote for me. The voting begins on January 21st at 12:01 am.
The winners will be drawn from the designer’s blogs, so be sure to visit them
I am a mom who worries more than most, a mom who freaks out pretty badly...I am a mom that wants my daughter to see and do everything she has ever dreamed of...and I am a mom who is afraid I will be the thing that holds her back.
The next day the woman came by our house to attempt another assessment. We were in the middle of reading a book (in english.) Khubz introduced everyone (grandma, baby V, Maj and Thumper--all speaking english with a thick iowa accent.) She chatted about nocturnal creatures, whether or not they were primarily carnivorous, what kinds of magic school bus books we've read that explored these ideas. . .
The baggage that comes with Nick Griffin has now become too much of a burden. Recent election results tell you that, and how many times have you heard something like “I’d vote for you but that Nick Griffin.” It’s way past the time were we need to up our game, we need someone who is media savvy and not playing catch up and giving us sound bites of how success is just around the corner if we just carry on. We know where this ship is heading and we need a new Captain and quickly.
it’s about the holy grail war where seven magi are chosen by the holy grail to fight for the wish that the grail will grant. in order to fight each other, the magi summon servants (mostly strong heroes of the past) and try to beat each other mentally and physically.
Without teeth or even the ability to stand or do anything by myself, mum took great care of me. Thanks to Mum and God. Many were born on the same day, month, or the same year but their parents dumped them while others passed away on that day. Not forgetting to mention that some did not even mature up to be born since their mothers aborted them. That definitely makes me love my mum. God bless her in abundance. Just as I was, she accepted me, in her laps I sat on not forgetting the good milk from her breast that has made me strong and energetic fit to survive.
This year, when I arrived at the brewery I was about 60 or 70 people back in line, despite being half an hour early. By the time the event began, it looked like all 300 ticket holders had joined us in the wait for the doors to open. I thought it was a little silly to wait in line for an event that was only open to so many people, but it proved to have been worth it. After getting in and buying my raffle tickets, I immediately made my way to the keg of 1998 Boilermaker from full sail - a beer that ran out before the last ticket holders in the line made it through the door. Let me say this: 13 years later, this beer is fantastic, and I bet it will continue to age gracefully for many years to come; a fantastic example of how much time can do for the right beer.
We'ld like to announce our next Guest Design
play dates
My dear, dear sister in law Mary will have Radiation treatments till the 16th, on her spine. At that point, they'll remove her Right Kidney (Per Fred Hutch's advice/protocal.)
If you’d like to read the rest of Julianne’s flash fiction called Found: An Interview with Julie!, you can find it here.
My one word of caution would be to look for signs of new growth on any clearance items you buy, so you can be sure that it will actually produce for you come spring. Since most perennials should be starting to put out new growth right now (especially if they're living in a greenhouse), it's the perfect time to go looking. What better way to spend a wintery weekend?
- Monospace minibus Viano Caravelle
find the axe growing
I used all PTI paper - Lavender Moon, Spring Rain and Spring Moss as well as one of the very first stamp sets I bought from them - Boxes, Bags and Tags. I used my Cricut with the George and Basic Shapes cartridge to cut the layered tags. The quilling paper is from Lake City Craft and the ribbon is unknown stuff I had.
That said, it’s amazingly cool to have a book published and have people read it and love it. I hope lots more people find their way to Tornado Siren. Without having it available as an e-book, that wouldn’t be possible.
Lenna also included her signature square.
Now, anyone can publish anything on Amazon's self-publishing platform, mind you. I don't blame Amazon for not catching it immediately. What I DO blame them for is their deplorable response to the situation once they were made aware of it... over and over and over.
Maybe I'll have to start up on of those "what I wore today" blogs.
Professional-Level Hiring — By Region
I was watching a show on the Science Channel yesterday, and it was this super-dramatic documentary about the history of our planet. The whole story was told from the tabloid angle of "our world was created via a series of terrifying catalysmic events!!" Cheesy hype aside, I'm wondering which of the events below is considered well-accepted/mostly-agreed-upon by planetary scientists, which are controversial theories, and which are laughable. (The show presented every event as an amazing "fact" in glorious CGI.)Ok, there's a lot here, so let's take it step-by-step.
Oh aye,
Papers: American Crafts, Echo Park, Bella Blvd. and Bazzill cardstock.
Car Seat – Chico Key fit 30. This is a great car seat. The baby seems to like it too. She is comfortable and enjoys riding in it. We bought it primarily for it’s security features since we have an older car. The installation was easy and it snaps in and snaps out easily. It is not too heavy and I am able to carry it despite a bad back ache.
I only told one friend that I was cutting my hair, L. I showed her a bunch of ideas and she agreed that I should go with Cassadee’s hair. My friends also have a tendency to flip whenever I announce that I’m getting a haircut (I was twelve, people. I’m not going that short for a really long time). She’s pretty chill about it whenever I get a haircut, as long as she knows I’m not going to shave it all off or something, and she and I think alike on this stuff.
“They denigrate us, they try to divide us and they ultimately want to destroy us – this motion sends a clear message we will fight because we are right. As the son of a shop steward, the grandson of a trade unionist and descendent of a founder member of the ILP in Scotland, I see what they want, they want us to be grateful for the crumbs off the table, to doff our caps and say yes sir no sir.”
We had to initial five additional pages of addendum legalize stuff about how we wouldn't hold anybody liable and if our house inspector gets hurt they're not liable and if anything happens, they're not liable and ... etc adnauseum. We read everything, asked questions and just went for it. We even resigned and dated our offer so everything is current and clean.
Germs
The new national unity government – an act of statesmanship or cynical political ploy? BDS Fail Of The Day Biased Reuters article on UNRWA filled with lies Mahmoud Abbas: Jerusalem only has Islamic and Christian history Administrative Detention in the West Bank – Q & A Maan publishes whiny rant about Church of the Nativity terrorists
The ANC should rather pay attention to morally transforming the organisation and internalising and enforcing rationality, rather than expecting society to transform on a racial basis.
This is one of my favorite poems by English poet, Lord Byron:
18. Is it cold in here, or are you just afraid to kiss me? +
In the 68th minute, after Ferguson had added a forward Mancini added a defensive player in bringing on Nigel De Jong for Carlos Tevez. A defensive move, perhaps, but with Toure now in a more advanced position and Park no longer tracking him he was free to run at United’s immobile centre. He was City’s best creative outlet late on as United chased the game and spaces opened up in front of him to run into.
I am currently reading Tony Evans’ The Kingdom Agenda. It has been sitting on my “to read” book pile for a long time. My husband and I saw Tony speak in Evansville a few years ago. We’ve always liked Pastor Evans and have listened to him for many years. So, when he was going to be in our town, it was a “no-brainer” that we’d go and listen. We picked up this book at that event.
A few years later the homeowners, for what ever reason, need to move and sell the property: the only problem being that they are very likely upside down in their mortgage. In other words, they owe more money on the house now than it is worth, especially considering the fact that their HELOC was obviously not used to take care of the home and increase or maintain it's value.
The success of the intermodal station project is attributed to multiple stakeholders who partnered with the City of Dearborn to develop the project over a 12-year period of study, site selection, environmental assessment and preparation.
So afterward I dropped her off at Mile's office and while she worked for him, me, Willa, and a couple of Dylan's friends got to work at home setting a surprise party. For a couple weeks prior, Dylan had been trying to put together some sort of birthday dinner with her friends, but knowing we were planing to surprise her, they all , except for one, "declined"-had to work, were going to be out of town, etc. Dylan was pretty bummed, but resigned herself to hanging out with her one friend. She was totally surprised when we all jumped out of hiding spots and yelled when she walked through the door! It was a great party-great kids-laughing and tomfoolery. We set up the fire pit outside and had a great game of Jack's ALIVE-that will be another post, though. BEST campfire game!
in the rough and tumble world with dignity,
Drop by and visit my co-host Andrea! I think you'll love her as much as I do. If you haven't seen the vlog her husband did - you NEED to watch it. It is sooo funny!
We have laughed for years, before we even knew what a “sister wife” was, that if we could just share our work it would be so much easier. I like to cook the savory dishes and she likes desserts. I like to play in the dirt and she likes to clean dirt. I like to wash and she likes to iron, well we don’t “like” to but someone has to do it. She does the homework help and I do the shopping, (mostly because I didn’t do homework when I was a kid and I’m not starting now.) If we could work it out with separate houses and husbands and beds and it would be _____ amazing!
and yes, she was in Swansea.
My archive picture dates back to 1914 and comes from the Flickr Commons collection of the National Library of Ireland. It is entitled "Fianna Éireann scouts carrying out signal training with flags". If you are not familiar with the language of semaphore, allow me to translate for you. It says "Get your Sepia Saturday 117 Posts up on or around Saturday 17th March 2012". Dib dib dib!
Linda is offering all of my readers (who participated in the blog giveaway only) free shipping on any items you purchase through September using the code: MCCUMBFREE
MandaPanda posted a fantastic post this morning about Band Timelines and I so appreciated it! Everything she says is dead on. I lost about 80 lbs in my first year and then found out I was pregnant and am now, 9 months after giving birth, back to that 80 lbs. I still have about 70 lbs to go so I'm barely even 1/2 way there. Like Manda says, it does get harder after that first year and you do have to work harder. I am living that truth right now. I also think that unless you exercise, what is the point of getting the band? You HAVE to incorporate exercise. It not only helps with the weight/fat loss, but it helps with the loose skin and honestly, it's all part of the motivation for me. I've been really frustrated with a lot of people on blogs wondering why they aren't losing the weight or making excuses non-stop when they post the things they eat, the fact that they aren't exercising and have lost motivation... uh, DUH, there is your answer right there. As many have said, the Band is just a tool. YOU have to do the majority of the work. There are so many other things I want to say right now about the many people seemingly opting/hoping for alternative surgeries (those that actually have problems with the band which require them to have revision surgeries are not included in this BTW.. I fully get there are many medical reasons to have to find alternative options due to erosion, slippage, etc) but I'll keep them to myself. There are so many successful Bandsters among us that have lost a lot of weight and have kept it off. We are very lucky that we can draw motivation from their successes every day! So, please don't give up!
LIVING ROOM UPDATE: Hopefully having the entire room spray primed on Friday! We opted to contract this out because StevieBoy is getting OH SO SICK of mudding & sanding - it's his least fav job ever. Have mercy little wifey right!? So yes, I had mercy and we made the call to have the final patch work done, and have the room spray primed so that I can start painting soon! WHHOPIEEEE! Oh - and Josh from Red Seal Renovations was here this AM too, got all the final measurements for the mantle! WHHOPIEEEEE again! ;)
I tend to be a realist, so these random acts of kindness really restore my faith in humanity. It's people like Amy who inspire me to pay it forward—a lesson I learned early on as a college student volunteering at the local animal rescue league. As a young 20-something, I became a volunteer tutor for the local adult literacy center. One of my students, a dear lady named Lupe, even came to my wedding.
In preparation for the act, a group of 34 student advocacy groups, including the bus drivers’ union and the principals’ union, worked to develop curriculum for schools.
Has for example, a team ever lost because the manager was not on the bench? I cannot think of one. Or even that Arsène will stop picking on defenceless referees, an endangered species only trying to do their honest nights work. I’m not holding out any hope of either scenario being taken up.
A whole book about me! It’s based on a file of notes found in the office of Professor Miriam Carter after her mysterious disappearance at her final lecture in 1939, when apparently she took a small sliver of unicorn horn and ground it into a fine powder using secret ingredients to make a potion. She drank the frothing potion, and… well, you'll have to get hold of the book to find out what happened next.
Me: I am sorry your highness, that I did not have another selection ready for your table today. Perhaps you should send me the way of Anne Boleyn and a couple other of your wives.
heart jumping, lungs aching
Grate those carrots. To make things faster you could buy pre-grated carrots…
Either I am right or I am wrong here, but I am wiling to share my view for that 69 and risk my own life in pursuit of the truth because someone pulled me into this by blaming me for being behind Breivik.
Row 6- sc in ea sc
Let’s start with a lesson plan that “hooks” the student. That’s where you come in to this session!
who ended up killing their chick.
Fischer, R. (1993). Fibonacci applications and strategies for traders. New York, J. Wiley.
In MY opinion this man is sick and badly in need of psychological help as are all the others who do things like he did. There is NOTHING normal about any human being having sex with an animal. It goes against EVERYTHING imaginable! It goes against NATURE and the NATURAL ORDER of things! It is nothing short of blatant PERVERSION! I’ve known people in mental institutions locked away because they had sex with horses and dogs and believe me they are SICK SICK SICK and CRAZY CRAZY CRAZY! This guy amazes me simply by coming out and telling the world that he had sex with a dolphin and he seems varily proud of it. Where is his SHAME? And need I ask if there was any OFFSPRING from this union? OMG that is SICK! If any of you see Dolphin Woman running around in the everglades of Florida then you know where she came from and who her parents are, no?
Heat Oil and add the mustard seeds, cumin and chillies.
“One dog had been shot several times. One dog had blunt force trauma to the head. One dog, we think, had its neck snapped,” said Nicole Busick, Hancock County Dog Warden.
Underlying Malema's childish outburst is the idea that the ANC, as the embodiment of the people's will, is the supreme power in the land. There is no understanding that the Constitution is supreme, that South Africa is a constitutional state with an independent judicial system, which is insulated from political influence by the beautiful doctrine of a separation of powers.
I said, "No, Patty, I literally don't have a single dollar on me." (Which was the honest truth, I had no cash at all because I hadn't been expecting to go out.)
By God’s great grace I plan to be a Pastor, but tomorrow I will put on a black polo shirt and go sell phones at Sprint. The all-important question that faces all of us everyday no matter where we find ourselves tomorrow is, “Am I glorifying Christ in how I live?” Am I choosing to be a light for Christ wherever I am? Am I pursuing holiness in my day to day life? Am I further along now in my understanding of God’s Word and His will than I was 1 year ago? Am I praying and asking God how my family and I could better serve Him where we are at now? Am I looking to the future, realizing that the decisions I make now will shape my life for the next 33 years? Am I investing in my wife and children, knowing that quantity time really is better than quality time in the long haul?
Referring to how Romans conquered villages in the Mediterranean in the Middle Ages, Armendariz said, “They’d go into a little Turkish town somewhere, they’d find the first five guys they saw and they’d crucify them.”
After that, this champion of writing, has The Mark of Athena coming out this fall of 2012. And I’m so stoked for it you have no idea.
“I said, keep dancing” He told me in a strangely firmer voice.
A Short Play in One Act
“If a woman runs around and if a man runs around with her, both of them should be killed,” said Mr. Kadyrov, who often has stated his goal of making Chechnya “more Islamic than the Islamists.”
This time baby I’ll be bulletproof.
Here I am as of May 2012....after 3 years my little bundle of joy joined our family, I am still struggling...no kidding.....
Designer: “No, Beep Beep!”
1. Preheat oven to 325°. Line cupcake pans with paper liners; set aside. In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, combine flours, sugar, baking powder, and salt; mix on low speed until combined. Add butter, mixing until just coated with flour.
COVER top with your preferred sauce and toppings
12. Swallowed Up (In The Belly Of The Whale)
Stampin' Mist
That’s that on my end, friends! Now here are the last five questions for all of you.
Bachmann: I am number one in enthusiasm!
The vessel was one of two bought by Malaysia in 2002, with both being jointly constructed by DCNS of France and Navantia of Spain.
The first verse of Bhagavatam ends with the word dhimahi, a word reserved for Gayatri mantra which means “meditation.” So the Bhagavatam provides the subject matter that the Gayatri directs us to contemplate and meditate upon.
May you grow up to be true
Pumba’s other hobbies were going with me to visit my buffalo. She often followed me to Hop and Skip and grazed around in their camp while they ate. But after Skip had finished her food, she and Pumba would chase after each other for the rest of the afternoon. Pumba would try to bite Skip at times, but then she also licked her nose. It was so strange but so cute. A normal buffalo and warthog would never ever do this but Pumba and Skip were different. They weren’t normal, just like me. And that’s the way I liked it. I sometimes had to step in to separate the two of them, but they normally behaved themselves. I never complained about Pumba coming with me to play with Skip, as it allowed me to bond with Hop!
These flags give a nod to the heritage of the birthday girl!
Death to my hometown
That certainly seems the case with Brynmawr, another series of terrace strips which once abutted the famous Rubber Factory, surely for a time Wales' most famous 20th century building; a failed attempt at co-operative industry, at doing things differently, eventually demolished in 2001 in defiance of listing. By the end, it was a Semtex factory. After a few hours in the traumatic townscape of Ebbw Vale, you could easily imagine terrorist cells emerging, avenging the damage done to the town and its people. The anti-tank measures and frisking at Cardiff's Senedd suddenly make sense. Follow the sign to the DHSS, and you can find some of the saddest sights in Britain. Worn, never-changed signs to the Civic Centre lead to a decent, if undemonstrative 1960s complex, its office blocks surrounded by the churned-up paving of a car park. A distressed leisure centre has a growth on it, the bright yellow and green tentacles of swimming pool flumes, with broken glass underneath. An angular underpass from here brings you to the rest of the town, and it has the most eloquent graffiti I've ever seen. 'AMAZING VALUE £5 – A WORKING CLASS HERO'. Then there's a small recreational ground, and the start of the terraces. The street lights are on. It's three o'clock in the afternoon, in July.
Since then, not only did we engineer a kick-ass bottle washer, but we have streamlined the label removal, have a light table for bottle inspection, and we successfully petitioned the bottle manufacturer to change materials used for the bottle gaskets (previously 1/15 bottles failed to hold carbonation; now it is more like 1/150, and most of those turn out to have a tiny crack here or there).
Sunday was a difficult day.
Clawed out the life of cradled innocence.
-Subscribe to Shushybye on YouTube and leave username if different. (1 entry)
The last varietal I will be talking about today is one that has gone from being a prominent grape to near extinction to prominence once again. This varietal is malbec. Traditionally, malbec is blended into the great Bordeaux wines along with cabernet sauvignon, caberenet franc, merlot and petite verdot. Nowadays, along with petite verdot, malbec is used sparingly in these blends. This is due to its near extinction in the 1950s when a severe frost nearly eradicated all the malbec in Bordeaux, France. While malbec’s popularity declined in France, it became very popular in South America, especially in Argentina and Chile. In fact, it became Argentina’s adopted national grape in the early 2000s when vitners began making malbecs of outstanding quality. It should come as no surprise that it is the most widely planted grape variety in all of South America. On its own, malbec can be a wine full of color and flavor, with notes of plums and dried fruits. Its medium tannins allow it to pair well with food or enjoyed on its own. Malbec is a very special varietal, it was nearly destroyed due to frost in France but had a rebirth in South America where it has become a national treasure.
I am so smitten with all the function that was packed into this playroom/office, to ensure the family is always together being creative and playing and bonding! BEST THING EVER!
1/8 cup of my gluten free blend
For he was always at home with himself
We go home. It seems strange, but I call this place home already. The young woman leaves.
of course, her wonderful teachers had her bag ready and waiting for her to decorate at drop-off.
A whole lot.
the fence and like that old
Sodium Tallowate – See Tallow.
No longer is it a confession, but a proclamation:
after a sporadic-turned-persistent cough that wouldn't go away,
“Did you wish?” Kathy nods again and flashes a pretty smile.
*The definition of “fanatic” at Dictionary.com is “a person with an extreme and uncritical enthusiasm or zeal.”
Never say, "Because I said so, that's why."
Another example of an African Church that started in Britain and is involved in global missions is Trinity Baptist Church founded by Rev Kingsley Appaigyei in 1989. Trinity Baptist Church is also considered one of the largest Black Majority Churches in Britain having a congregation of around 3,000 people. Trinity Baptist Church since its inception has been involved in many Church plants within the UK and other parts of Europe. They have a Church in Italy, Denmark, Netherlands and Ghana. In addition, they also have an orphanage home in Ghana.
This September the 3rd I will be joining the writer Kim Newman, and composer of the score for Friday the 13th, Harry Manfredini, on stage at the Queen Elizabeth Hall, London, for a panel discussion on the art of horror film soundtracks. I hope to see some of you there, it promises to be an entertaining discussion. Tickets are £12.50 (see website for concessions).
Like many a suburbanite,
Happy Friday, everybody!
Another important note: Roast, Inc. uses only natural sweeteners and flavorings in their specialty coffee drinks, including maple syrup and agave nectar. They even make a Nutella latte with nothing but espresso, steamed milk, and Nutella. It was pretty amazing.
1 Kings 22:8
But my blogging has been neglected lately. Maybe three posts a week at most. Sad.
Graduated from Yale University in New Haven, Connecticut in 2003 with a Bachelor of Arts degree in English.
Yeah yeah, I was getting to Bela. They gave this poor man so much crap - when you start your Hollywood career as Bram Stoker's fave rave, you're gonna haveta expect some typecasting is in order. It's hardly Bela Lugosi's fault that he fared far worse than Boris Karloff or Lon Chaney in this respect - whereas Boris or Lon could be any character they so chose to be... Bela could only be Bela, to be honest. He tried being a Nazi (Black Dragons), the heroic mystic Chandu twice, he even got to play Frankenstein's Monster one time (Frankenstein Meets The Wolf Man), but most often played an evil doctor from some nondescript European country tampering in God's domain in some way. I suppose the best that can be said of his Ghoul Man character here is that he has no dialogue except for an off-screen scream. But the poor guy isn't even IN all of his scenes... but I'll get to that later on. Let's just say that for this being his last movie part, it's about as auspicious a screen bow as J. Carroll Naish's in Dracula Vs. Frankenstein.
God loves you, friend, He loves you so much that He cannot and will not violate your right to choose.
Stay neutral. Try not to ooze bias. Don’t appear to be persuaded by the subject’s opinions. Don’t judge or directly criticise the subject.
In any event, I thank all of you for your time, even if it was just a moment to skim something and roll your eyes, and I hope you continue to give Dustin-flavored projects a chance in the future. You guys are my heroes. Like Enrique Iglesias.
Each blogger participating in this hop is featuring
He’s got a fantastic profile of the tragic yet encouraging story of Eric LeGrand.
If our good women are to continue in their primary roles as nurturers, teachers, homemakers, and managers, they will need more support and help in order for them to find time to give compassionate service to their families and others. If this help is withheld, our lives, our homes, the Church, and the world will be the poorer, for so much love, gentleness, and understanding will be lost. Elder Faust (The Highest Place of Honor –May 1988)
Red Velvet Cupcakes. Take two. Failure.
The Morville Hours at Easter
All invitations can be customized to suit your style, taste, and photos. The colors, fonts, wording, photo styles and layout can be adjusted in order to provide you with the perfect invitation. Also, any invitation can be changed to a different gender.
As they get tangled in the sparks of desire and passion you wonder how their situation will be resolved. There are several heavy passion scenes but it all moves pretty quickly to the inevitable confrontations. The characters and dialogue are fun and the story is engaging to the end. I enjoyed the history of gin distilleries as part of the story. The author does a wonderful job weaving the story and characters and this is a book and author I can definitely recommend.
28) WHAT COLOUR IS IT?
So for this image of A I have chosen an image of the closest angel I know, my daughter. For anyone who is interested I have also included a couple of youtube videos that have been produced by Sam Vallins and honestly they made me cry. I was so touched that my daughter has a voice like this. Hope you too can spend some time here and listen and hear my angel first hand.
Plexi-glass case
Wait. A stock photo? Again? What are the odds that two agencies would simultaneously utilize this unfortunate strategy?
Grill two chicken breasts and slice thinly. Dice bacon and cook until crisp. Remove to paper towels to drain. Saute onion for 5 minutes in 2 tablespoons bacon drippings. Cook linguini according to aladente package directions. While pasta is cooking , beet eggs well in a small bowl. Drain pasta and toss with beaten eggs, onions, bacon, salt, pepper, parsley and parmesan. Top with grilled chicken.
Looking back over 40 or more years at these clips, I'm amazed at just how good she was. In this first clip of the Springfields singing "Island of Dreams" the band are singing live into one mike with the studio orchestra in the wings. No miming, although the fake American accents are a bit much. The guitarist at the back struggles to play a Bb chord at one part. Still awesome though.
As the morning wore on, I felt progressively more tired, but determined. Who wouldn’t feel tired having been in labor for 8 hours after sleeping for only 2 hours following 2 days of false labor? Contractions were coming at 3-4 minutes apart, so I certainly wasn’t resting much in between. Just before 9 am I took a break and sat on the rocker in the nursery, listening to my Rainbow Relaxation on my iPod and trying to get some rest. There aren’t many methods of birthing where you’ll find mom looking like this DURING contractions. I didn’t move from this position for a good 45 minutes! In this picture you’ll also notice the Elle TENS machine that I wore for most of the day, which I could turn on during contractions to take the edge off. That thing was FABULOUS!
3) Bush needs to apologize for the failure of FEMA and not split hairs about it. However, since lots of people seem to want to blame the federal government for not bailing them out all along, the federal government gets to have a very heavy hand in restoring the city. As in:
This could be real or faux (lace dies, punch, paper design etc)
Young people have a completely distorted view and impression of pre-1994 SA, which is as it was intended to be. It has always been like this. Just as people are not aware of what is happening now, so too did they also not know what was happening during the time of the NP. Anyone calling an American a traitor and a sell-out is uninformed as to what went down in those days. SA was not sold out by America, SA was sold out by its own people. It is an absolute waste of time and effort trying to educate people on pre-1994 SA and even more so trying to change their ingrained perceptions of pre-1994 SA. Whatever their perceptions are is their business and if they want to learn the truth about it, they are at least 2000 books behind. There is no time for catching up, there is only time to address what is lying ahead.
SIDOTI: "Do you fault the administration for not catching him though? I mean, they've had quite a few years going after him."
The world is littered with former folk singers and pop stars from the ‘60s and ‘70s who’ve tried to make a comeback. But none has received the endless hype that pop culture outlets are providing to Yusuf Islam.
The good news: In the wake of complaints and criticisms hurled against him, Deputy Ombudsman Mark Jalandoni has reportedly quit his post. The bad news: He told his supporters that he’s just taking a two-week break “upang pag-isipan kung babalik pa ako sa industriyang ito.”
Where the Father waits with open arms.
It would be completely disingenuous for me to delete those projects and act as if they never happened. After all - I made them and liked them at one point. They are a part of the growing process, BUT - that doesn't mean I can't try to make things right - right?!
Bag of rocks or great northern beans
Reward Yourself For Working
You could say Joy was a reluctant model for the pictures, no smile, but she loves her new outfit and boots even if it doesn't show!
ARTiST…. : Moguai
After my rides, I would jet on over to Pantz's stable. My sister injured her kneeVERY badly during a work physical training, in late December. So BUSY -BUSY- with 2 horses and 2 stables!
Obama has cut the defense budget by more than 1.13%! That makes us vulnerable. We used to spend as much as the rest of the world combined on their military. Now our nation only spends 42% of the world’s military budget. That loss of military over-kill will mean that it will be harder to kill every person on the planet if we had to. And Obama has lead us to this tragic weakness in killing potential. We are doomed.
Walter Bradley (B.S., Ph.D. University of Texas at Austin) is Distinguished Professor of Engineering at Baylor. He comes to Baylor from Texas A&M University where he helped develop a nationally recognized program in polymeric composite materials. At Texas A&M, he served as director of the Polymer Technology Center for 10 years and as Department Head of Mechanical Engineering, a department of 67 professors that was ranked as high as 12th nationally during his tenure. Bradley has authored over 150 refereed research publications including book chapters, articles in archival journals such as the Journal of Material Science, Journal of Reinforced Plastics and Composites, Mechanics of Time-Dependent Materials, Journal of Composites Technology and Research, Composite Science and Technology, Journal of Metals, Polymer Engineering and Science, and Journal of Materials Science, and refereed conference proceedings.
Really, I love the dark hair on me. I think it makes me look more sophisticated and sexy, and I can wear whatever color I want, including lots of red lipstick which I'm totally loving right now. Plus, it's easy to match for hair pieces. 1B, baby. My natural hair color not so much.
The annual 5K run and 2-mile walk benefits the Justin Cruz Scholarship Foundation, named in memory of organizer Michele Cruz’s son, Justin. Justin was a college-bound athlete from Wall Township when he died at the age of 17 in a one-vehicle accident in October 2005, when he lost control of his truck and went off the road.
Have you ever wondered why good to great employees leave your company or your team? Have you ever thought of what you could have done wrong or how you could have supervised them better when they were still with you?
Great. She didn’t trust me to go off and pick up some sticks.
Anyway. I'm a few weeks behind on showing my Project 366 pictures. So here goes!
This is why I find myself constantly gravitating back to chocolate chip cookies, even though there are about a million other cookie recipes I want to try. In truth, I’ve been meaning to make these cookies for a while because of all the great things I’ve heard about them. And while this unfortunately is not my absolute favorite chocolate chip cookie recipe, this is definitely among the frontrunners, together with these cookies. I haven’t found my absolute favorite yet you see, however this particular recipe hit a lot of what I look for in a chocolate chip cookie:
4. How many hours a day would you say you read?
Please let me know your thoughts on knowledge.
Let's get some plot on the page here. What does Tabitha want? When you say she'd be having the time of her life, what did she think she'd be doing? Why isn't she doing it? What's keeping her from doing it?
There’s a bug on the floor! Here comes Dad, us to save!
It was very pretty............ there are some days where I wish so much my Grand Mother was still here so I could talk crochet with her...
adobo……………Back in the Philippines, When we had a really tight budget and still want to eat a simple and great dish. We go for this dish. Just imagine a bundle of kangkong leaves( swamp cabbage or river spinach) is only priced at P5.00 or equivalent to 0.15 cents NZD you will have a health green leafy dish. Its a dish just flavoured with ingredients thats always present in our cup board, these are garlic, onion, soy sauce and salt and pepper. I think every kitchen has these type of ingredients……………………. Did you know that kangkong or river spinach. This plant is rich in iron, calcium, phosphorus, carotene, sitosterol, protein, vitamins A, B1 and C and has a lot of health beneficial amino acids. Other pharmacological effects includes antitoxin, laxative, anti-inflammatory, diuretic, homeostatic and sedatives (sleeping effects). Water or river spinach has a good effect in the intestines as it has purgative properties because of its fiber content. It also acts as insulin-like properties to control blood sugar for diabetes prevention.
“So, the movies Saturday Morgan? Say yes.” Dane said shaking my shoe.
Yesterday was a long, but productive, day as I met with almost all of my parents. I wanted to share the conference form I use that is pretty quick and easy to write.
Dong-sik (Kim Jin-kyu), a middle-aged music instructor struggling to provide for his very pregnant wife (Ju Jeung-ryu) and two small children, unwittingly threatens the domestic tranquility of his home when he hires a mysterious chain-smoking young woman (Lee Eun-shim) to help around the house. Needless to say, steaming rice and pickling kimchi aren’t the duties at which the housekeeper excels, who will stop at nothing to get inside her employer’s pants. A no-holds-barred war of the sexes ensues, with the clueless husband caught in the middle, and the (refreshingly unendearing) children as pawns. A twisted cautionary tale of marital infidelity that may appeal more to fans of Masumura than to those for whom Tokyo-ga is the pinnacle of cinematographic art, a newly-remastered print salvages this classic of Korean cinema from undeserved obscurity, allowing for a fresh reappraisal of Kim’s art.
throw my lil sis a bachelorette party!!
of the restriction is to impose a substantial and unreasonable restriction on the reporting of proceedings and that it is in the public interest to remove the restriction in respect of the applicant.
My screams of agony are silent, for no air fuels them, until…
Add contents of bag plus 2 cups of water to slow cooker. Cook on low for 8 hours.
I was just about as beside myself as she was, literally, standing beside herself, to run into a fellow Cincinnati Survivor in the Big Apple.
On one hand, I easily get preachy about how people should gear up their driving skills: I don’t want to go to more funerals for people I care about because they were killed in a crash. While I’ve always had a passion for helping drivers be safer, I’ve also seen the consequences of traffic tragedy:
They want to know how the story ends, so I tell them. I crossed the street, almost immediately, and the man knew why I did, too. He called out to me, "You don't have to be afraid of me. Honest!" Which, as is clear as soon as I say it out loud, is not a comforting thing to say to a woman on a desolate street late at night. "I know," I called back, and walked the block and a half to my apartment, listening for footsteps the whole way, locking the door behind me. I do feel bad for that guy, who was almost certainly just minding his own business, and who probably had no intention of harming anyone, that night or any night. His intentions didn't matter to me, then, though.
The seven-layer burrito, as created and sold by Taco Bell, is a wondrous thing.
in no time the ladies came up with the most beautiful things
Proverbs 22:19 is the takeaway today. “So that your trust may be in the Lord, I have taught you today, even you.”
While we are on the topic of color, my mood was thrown right back into cranky when I popped into the new studio on my way home later in the afternoon. The painter spray painted the entire window wall BLACK! Black... I mean like black, black. Ceiling black. My studio was suddenly cave like with every bit of sun being sucked into the oblivion of the wall and ceiling. The building manager said they can't put it back to white. I'll have to do it on my own. Sigh, I have SO much other work to do (my latest Color Canvas piece is due next week!). I did not need painting a wall up to a 15ft ceiling on my list. Argh.
Krishnamurti: You say that if the minister gave up his work, his wife and children would suffer, which is real suffering for him, as well as for his wife and children. Should he give it up? Suppose that I am a minister; that I no longer believe in churches, and feel the necessity of freeing myself from them. Do I consider my wife and children? No. That decision needs great understanding.
So I wait until the light grows weary,
Well, at the end of last year an application was made to Brighton & Hove council to register the north end of The Level as a town green. Thanks in no small part to the dogged and determined efforts of Julia Davis and Henrietta Dombey, who, when others had dropped by the wayside and lost heart, took up the challenge and, with support and advice from the Open Spaces Society, submitted an application to the Registration Officer on 21 December 2011.
Everything was as Beth described in her Etsy listings. I immediately set up some vignettes to show off my finds:
As I listened to her and politely told her I wasn't asking for her advice on diet, it dawned on me why I dislike most doctors. They base everything on research and their status as "experts" rather than inquiring about how the patient feels and what we think. They assume we have nothing to contribute. This reminds me so much of how schoools are run. The curriculum is based on "research" and the teacher being the "expert" rather than getting feedback from the unique group of students being taught. When I see my naturopath, she asks me questions like "eating this way, how would you rate how you feel?" She might even say, "You read a lot, what do you think is best for you?" She encourages me to listen to my body and take an active role in my recovery.
What’s your favourite way to cook eggs? Broken, flipped, mutilated. It might as well be my favourite, because that’s how they end up.
Many adolescents do not fare so well, dropping out of high school because their dyslexia or learning difficulty has not been identified. Even if it is recognised, the school is often unable to meet the students' needs for a more individualised program and for mentoring. Such students find language learning difficult, whether it is understanding and using spoken language or learning to read, write and spell.
But if you vote yes, I’ll forgive you. I just want to point out the problems before it all gets set in stone. We can always get rid of the bits that don't work at the next AGM.
The Urban Park Rangers' Family Camping program is "one of the better-kept secrets of the city," according to the NY Times, and throughout the summer, New Yorkers can apply to win a camping spot in the Rangers' lottery system. Some of the more popular campouts include nights in Central Park, Prospect Park and Fort Greene Park. However, the program also offers camping opportunities in many lesser-known parks in the five boroughs that make far superior campsites. Camping with the Urban Park Rangers is free, and includes a tent, food and campfire. All that is needed is a sleeping bag.
B. Water for drinking and car in case it overheats
Instead of baskets filled with individually wrapped candies and padded with fake grass, reduce your plastic waste by switching to a greener (and healthier) alternative.
He said: "I’m quite appalled by the accident rate on the roads – especially among young men.
The British people don’t care about reform of the second chamber and nor can they afford the debates, consultations, referenda and restructuring that such a move would necessitate. Clegg should put down his latest vanity project and get on with fixing the economy.
The strength of this installment of the game and pretty much the previous games of Mass Effect has always been the story and the universe’s characters. The gravity of the war and its inevitable losses are felt as you play the game. Characters die and their deaths are a sacrifice that need to be made in the hopes all living beings will have a chance at survival. At times you witness your Shepard make a stunning victory against the Reapers and in others you witness your hero/heroine watch as a race’s home world get utterly destroyed right before your Shepard’s eyes and he/she is powerless to stop it. It’s moments like these where playing for the story is truly worth it.
I am proud of myself...I finished ALL the books on my list. Usually I end up not finishing one, but this time? Oh yes, my friends, this time I finished.
End sidebar.
As much more information as I have gained, I’m still curious to know what happened to him. How did he manage to live in Buchenwald for 6 years? What did he do to survive? Many people died in the weeks and months after being liberated from disease and malnourishment. Since he was a soldier, and not Jewish, I expect he may have gotten treated better (more food perhaps) than some inmates. Certainly he would have tried to return to Hohensalza after liberation since his parents, wife and child were there.
Well, a wish of mine has always been to experience one night as a lady. Like attend a ball and all. I really hope it'll come true!
I’m making money off of these complicated children adventures
Where: Back Shore: Jan from the Atlantis graciously offered her parking lot
The text of the e-mail said this:
War Horse opens with a bit of narration by Joey the horse, at a time when he was barely six months old: "My earliest memories are a confusion of hilly fields and dark, damp stables, and rats that scampered along the beams above my head. But I remember well enough the day of the horse sale. The terror of it stayed with me all my life."
My big weekend project is to install a shower curtain rod. There was nothing wrong with our old rod. It's served us well for the 13+ years we've lived in our home. But my wife, in her infinite-wifedom decided we needed a nice shower bar, one that curves outward. As Sgt. Bilko would say, "It has sweep."
So get those entries in and remember you have until Mar 28th to get it done! We are looking forward to seeing your creations this month!!!
Armalite rifle- use it everyday
Harry Redknapp: “I really hope Roy does well with England. H onest.”
Indeed, anyone — like me — who dared question the great British sell-off was instantly labelled a xenophobe, out of touch with the reality of the modern globalised economy.
Dr. Alexander Tsui served as Founding President of APEX from 1992 through 2007. Along with four others, Alex laid the groundwork to start the organization that would become APEX in 1991. Alex maintains a private practice in New York City with an emphasis on restorative and cosmetic dentistry. His professional career has included teaching positions, extensive continuing education, and published articles. Continuing to dedicate much of his time to the community that he works and lives in, Alex has been recognized over the years for his work by the media and community organizations. He is currently a member of the Multicultural Advisory Committee at the Metropolitan Museum of Art and Visiting Faculty at Spear Education, a continuing dental education center.
I hope you found some, at least, of my answers interesting.
- a headboard (from craigslist) painted white
Our new workshop will open for entries at noon on Saturday. As always, the details are here:
It’s MANday here at Glitter, Bliss, and Perfect Chaos, where we tirelessly research for photos of hot shirtless men ALL WEEK, to make your Mondays suck a little less. Today’s MANday is so hot, I’m afraid if I don’t tell you all this first, once you see the photos you’ll be off in fantasyland somewhere and we won’t be able to reach you!
Here' s the gig--I am a writer. I firmly believe in the powers of the First Amendment and the protection of free speech in this country. The First Amendment is one of the cornerstones of our Constitution.
Or not yet are, to be
Now, of course, this blog is about beer and one can hardly imagine a finer culinary combination than roasted pork and beer. I served up three varieties at this feast. The first was my London Bridge Brown which was an all-grain batch made, for the first time for me, with pale chocolate malt which does indeed give it a subtle and delicious chocolate note. The second was what I called Wizard of Oz Ale, another batch made in honor of our Australian priest Father Redfern, from the same Cooper's Bitter kit that is reviewed below. And finally I served out the All Amarillo Amber Ale which, again, is mentioned below. All of the beers were well received and, as always, it is a joy to be able to share the fruits of one's labors with an appreciative crowd.
the rules.
"Beer must be allowed!"
In this continuation of Ender Wiggin’s story, the Starways Congress has sent a fleet to immolate the rebellious planet of Lusitania, home to the alien race of pequeninos, and home to Ender Wiggin and his family. Concealed on Lusitania is the only remaining Hive Queen, who holds a secret that may save or destroy humanity throughout the galaxy. Familiar characters from the previous novels continue to grapple with religious conflicts and family squabbles while inventing faster-than-light travel and miraculous virus treatments. Throw into the mix an entire planet of mad geniuses and a self-aware computer who wants to be a martyr, and it’s hard to guess who will topple the first domino.
reveals an altered perception
It also gave me the chance to reacquaint myself with some of the wines that I had tried on my recent trip to Virginia.
And so, Friday, an impromptu plan popped in my head. I want to go to Baguio.
Brazilian Lea T. was born Leandro Cerezo in 1981, but that didn’t stop her from becoming one of the most famous transsexual fashion models in the industry today. Lea has been called the muse of high fashion design house Givenchy.
Night all.
One final note before we move on: while the narrator of The Ipcress File is never named, his eventual christening as Harry Palmer is presaged in the novel. Early on, for some reason someone hails him as "Harry", to which our narrator responds, "Now my name isn't Harry, but in this business it's hard to remember whether it ever had been". Maybe it had, maybe it hadn't; but one thing's for sure: for many people, it soon would be...
Looking back, 2010 was a horrendous year for me personally. I received numerous death threats, had my bike damaged and wheels slashed on a number of occasions. I was physically attacked in the streets when wearing my suit, had liquids thrown over me and was punched in the face. No police action was taken, even though I reported each incident. And then there was that altercation with Billy Bragg where at least I managed to get him to concede that Labour wasn’t representing interests and concerns of the people of Barking and Dagenham. There was certainly never a dull moment!
Chartis has rolled out Leaders Risk Protector, a modular-insurance plan designed for schools, associations and public entities and the exposures of their employees and management staff.
This got me to thinking. Oregon is the number one team in the country so there shouldn’t be too much shame in kinda-sorta giving them 3/4 of a game. I know I certainly don’t feel shame. Instead I wondered how long it’s going to be before I can go back to relying on USC football games as a rock solid source of love and pride and giddy affection rather than the current situation, which is probably best described as being filled with queasy apprehension and is described even better by 30 Rock via Alec Baldwin as “a guaranteed disaster, like eating a burrito before sex.”
Not the worst I have ever seen from an author solutions service, certainly far from the best. Their example suggests a retail price above average for a paperback. This is in line with print on demand technology and the relayed mark-ups from the provider/service.
Thursday, November 24th - No School, Happy Thanksgiving
“What I Do?” This is one of my favorite lines I use, and always spoken with a hard southern Bill Clinton accent, when I ask folks why they are pissed about something I said. I am the type of guy who will ask a question, in response to comments people make. I will respond to comments I here in the grocery line,at work, in a tavern, or at a family Christmas party. Nobody gets a free pass on publicly made comments.
Just click on the button below.
Miliband even praised Margaret Thatcher for ending the 'closed shop' (where workers could only take up a job if they were in the union) and forcing trade unions to hold strike ballots before being able to take action.
The test was called “If I push you down and stuff you as far into the nook, how far can I stuff you?”
Are you a shoe, handbag, or jewelry girl?
They definitely think when you move to San Francisco you basically start liking people of the same sex, turn into a Democrat and a Vegan and try to “bring down America”. Really, you just eat a lot of cioppino and sourdough, complain about how cold it is and marvel at the sheer amount of coffee shops that aren’t Starbucks. It’s a great town. Nothing to be a afraid of.
*From Dan Gailey: -The University of Kansas School of Music and Hall Center for the Humanities are co-presenting pianist Randy Klein's Two Duos in concert on Saturday, February 11, at 7:30 p.m. in Swarthout Recital Hall. Admission is free. Klein is the 2011-12 Hall Center Simons Public Humanities Fellow and will be in residence at the University of Kansas for most of February. The February 11 concert will also feature trombonist Chris Washburne and saxophonist Ole Mathesin.
The three in the centre are mine .They are prince charming and Cinderella rag dolls and A Bunny !!Sadly I don't know where they ended up but my latest bunny is a influenced by her.Their dresses are pretty much the same.
inspiration and fabulous talent shared here, hope you all got some great gift and ornament ideas like we did!
1/2 c fresh cilantro leaves, chopped
The reason why I have been away so long, is health wise.
Your playing small does not serve the world.
And the question she is left asking herself comes when considering the personal animosity she witnessed - 'Why did they hate me so?' Surely only as a symbol of something wider.
Traditional Molten Cake = 376 calories, 24 carbs, 3.5g fiber
As sad as I am, I obvioused SKY+ both the hours that Anice was on (way back on 15th September) - this would be for later boring family and friends with when I pointed out my samples and those fantastic ones of my fellow DT members.
While attending a chic banquet being thrown by Alfredo and Laura, Emanuelle witnesses an orgy that transpires, funny enough, after an elderly senator finds a golden peanut wedged in his slice of cake. You see, whoever finds the golden peanut wins the entire cake. I know, it doesn't sound like much of a prize. I mean, really, who needs that much cake? But underneath all that flour and frosting awaits a surprise, a sexy, naked surprise. Sitting cross-legged and wearing nothing but creamy layer of icing, the senator grabs his prize by the hand (a young woman whose face practically screamed undignified bemusement), and proceeds to lick her body with a reckless form of abandon. As you would expect, the man's aggressive tongue work on the cake lady seems to send the crowd into a bit of a frenzy, as they all start tearing their clothes off.
For the small reasons listed above, some countries will have to do the rest of the world a solid and suffer with what appears to outsiders as a completely inconvenient and way of life.
The shot of the bridges blowing up followed by people looking out windows to see falling snow seems to indicate being alone or cut off.
** Word verification on blogs. WHY? WHY? WHY? What purpose does it serve? More work for us? To prove we can enter the secret code?
I don’t know about you, but the words Korean, and barbecue bring up some questions for me. What do they mean by barbecue? Is it a rib house like I see in the Southern United States? What kind of meat is it? I didn’t think Koreans ate meat. Don’t they eat things like Kimchi, which is cabbage buried for months in the ground to ferment?
The hypothesis behind this meme is that traditionally, in the relationship between marketers and consumers, the power has been in the hands of marketers. But today, because of the Internet, the consumer has the power.
Woman is God’s supreme creation. Only after the earth had been formed, after the day had been separated from the night, after the waters had been divided from the land, after vegetation and animal life had been created, and after man had been placed on the earth, was woman created; and only then was the work pronounced complete and good. Of all the creations of the Almighty, there is none more beautiful, none more inspiring than a lovely daughter of God who walks in virtue with an understanding of why she should do so. (Gordon B. Hinckley)
hear, was sung repeatedly, just four
I thought about this a lot on one of my recent visits to see my family, as I revisited my old stomping grounds and supermarkets I used to shop in. In the middle of the day, the suburban grocery stores were so vast and empty of shoppers, the air conditioning blasting through the sliding front doors as we entered, the shopping carts tremendous, and the aisles mostly filled with lots of processed foods I never knew existed. Our little markets don't have room for the plethora of prepackaged crap out there, so they need to be discerning too.
vidya-vinaya-sampanne
so i stare out my window and wonder why i wasn't born independently wealthy or some sort of nonsense. because if i was, i would run off to paris, or tuscany, or timbuktu...or someplace really exotic, like...the moon. and then i wouldn't have to deal with idiots...or...the idiots would be so different and intriguing that i wouldn't notice they were idiots. and i wouldn't have to tell people that have worked hard and through no fault of their own, their contract is severed because some idiot didn't research law very well and i hired them thinking it was cool...but it wasn't really cool and now ...i have to end the contract and figure out how to pay them.
The jury’s decisions are final and can not be appealed.
However, the best feature of these two incredible landscape lenses is the price. At $600 (USD) for the standard version and only $1200 (USD) for the image stabilized version, they are less than half the price of their much more expensive cousin the EF 70-200mm f/2.8L USM II, priced at $2300 (USD). Yes, the EF 70-200mm f/2.8L USm II is one full stop faster, but when was the last time you took a landscape shot with a wide open aperture? I generally shoot landscape shots with my 5D Mark II at f/16 or smaller to achieve the greatest depth of field possible.
“‘Creative Commons’ licenses can be used with text, blogs, music, audio recordings, podcasts, photographs, videos, songs, websites, and films found on the internet,” (Gordon-Murnane, 2010). Flickr is an online photo sharing community and is also a supporter of Creative Commons. A Flickr user can search through the website specifically for Creative Commons licensed works in all the conditions described above. Google is also a supporter through their main search engine, image search engine as well as their book search engine.
W: Remember, you gave me this job yesterday?
Certain persons have been begging me for the past five years to write about war against the Turks, and encourage our people and stir them up to it, and now that the Turk is actually approaching, my friends are compelling me to do this duty, especially since there are some stupid preachers among us Germans (as I am sorry to hear) who are making the people believe that we ought not and must not fight against the Turks. Some are even so crazy as to say that it is not proper for Christians to bear the temporal sword or to be rulers; also because our German people are such a wild and uncivilized folk that there are some who want the Turk to come and rule. All the blame for this wicked error among the people is laid on Luther and must be called “the fruit of my Gospel,” just as I must bear the blame for the rebellion, and for everything bad that happens anywhere in the world.
Okay, I hadn’t intended to be so long-winded – but clarity is important to me. I’ll now conclude this sad tale, and sum up what I think about myself and the rest of humanity. To my knowledge, and actual experience, we represent the pinnacle of life in what we know of the universe. I have yet to see proof that there are any limitations to what we are capable of, except for those limitations we place on ourselves. And yet, we squander and belittle this capacity in an insane effort to escape the responsibility it represents. I believe the unconscious knowledge of this abdication is the reason behind the one consistent theme in all of the theories of life and morality I have come across: the notion that you get what you deserve. Now tell me, where do you think beings such as us are headed? What final judgment would YOU pass on mankind?
Phillip Blond, the main architect of U.K. Prime Minister David Cameron’s “big society”, is coming to Canada this week. The timing couldn’t be better as our political parties get set to offer up their competing versions of what ails us and how we might go forward together.
"tired of being led by the nose by this population that is destroying us, destroying our country by imposing its acts."
Anyway, he proceeded on to tell me that all of the other Disney princesses were inferior, and in fact that most of them were pansies. Since he didn’t let me give my opinion I will choose now to point out that this is absolutely preposterous. Many, if not all of the Disney ladies are awesome. Yes, some of them are a little more on the girlie side. But my personal opinion is that being girlie isn’t the same thing as being weak. In fact, sometimes it’s just what does the trick.
This salad, with its mix of bitter kale, peppery arugula, sweet persimmon, and sour pomegranate is a mixed bag of flavors and experiences, but delicious together. And eating it reminds me of how sometimes the craziest flavors come together and become something great.
Update 3/17 AM: Little decisive information as of late morning (central time, US). One of the primary concerns to me is that the fuel rods in the storage pool at reactor 4 included the off-loaded rods from reactor 4 which may not be spent, and may even be quite potent, with nuclear fuel inside that would react significantly (and then emit significant radioactive products into the air) if they could melt down in an empty (empty of water) storage pool -- but many crucial factors are not clear: how potent the rods are, how much water is in the pool, and the central one: how hot would the rods get without water (likely not as hot as fully potent rods more recently used than these). In short, there is a lack of important information. Further, it gets quite technical even if there were more information, and so it's not all that predictable to an engineer from another field, in spite of reading various discussions (so far).
I that in heill wes and gladnes
11/26 Denver, CO Marquis
I really love this movie, and have always felt like it's been overlooked. I highly recommend it to fans of prison dramas. I love the performances in it, I think the set design is great, and that it's got great atmosphere. I really hope that people who haven't seen it check it out.
The number one factor that will dictate how bullying impacts your child is his or her self-esteem. A child with high self-esteem will not pay as much attention to the antics of bullies as those children with poor images of themselves. To keep your child’s self-esteem high, make sure that they have a good social group to lean on. Enrol them in sports and extra-curricular activities that they enjoy. Take an interest in their work and make sure that they feel safe and secure at home. Help them set goals and reward them when they are reached.
Et voila!
Reproductive freedom is then explored in two chapters. Lisa Ikemoto investigates Relf v Weinberger (1977) and the problem of involuntary sterilizations, particularly of minority and low income women. From here, she broadens and situates the Relf sisters’ stories in a context in which women’s reproductive freedom was restricted in many ways. In relation to Harris v McRae (1980) Rhonda Copelon and Sylvia Law critique the denial of funding for abortions deemed medically necessary and the effect on the health and lives of many women, which is significant in contemporary debates around health care in the US.
Seattle Police Detective Jeff Kappel said the shooting occurred about 11:30 p.m. in a bar in the 500 block of Northeast Northgate Way.
” Do you refrain from being completely honest so as not to appear rude?”
He assures that the people who “beg” for the fish leftovers are Greeks. In the majority old. Pensioners.
Checking for previous VRTSddlpr installations… done
She makes her way to the city in the white Mercedes,
Bramley & Stanningley
Med Rose Corner
On Thursday, Tatay suffered from a mild stroke. When I visited the hospital on Monday, Tatay was recovering and Nanay was quite cheerful, even joking when Tatay drank coconut water with a straw. Aba, asensado na si Endong.
RECOMMENDATION: This is an important movie to check out, simply to see Billy Bob Thorton’s performance. Plus, it is spoofed/referenced a lot: South Park (Cartman quotes lines in S5E08: Towelie), Family Guy (Stewie parodies Thorton in S4E17), Scream 3, Me Myself & Irene, Bring It On, 30 Rock, Doctor Doolittle, and more. Anything referenced that much really needs to be watched by comedy fans so as to get the comedy. I’m glad we did, even though it wasn’t especially enjoyable for us.
This allows the gluten in the flour to settle and relax. It will make it MUCH easier.
I was looking for some pictures the other day . . . pictures I just knew were on my extra drive on my computer. I couldn't find them so I tried logging into an old Snapfish account. I hadn't used the account in nearly six years. I had no idea if it still existed or if I could even remember the password. I held my breath, crossed my fingers, and SUCCESS! I actually remembered the password (a huge accomplishment considering it's been six years and three kids since I accessed it) and all the pics . . . they were there!
“@Sir_Scribbles: Why am I even worried? The final is on the 28th. The World is supposed to end on the 21st. Messi ntoooor! We won’t play so you won’t win. Ha!”
So we hurried long past the Dart Throw and the Ring Toss, the guy who could guess your age and the one who could guess your weight. Well the cheese grater and vegetable slicer was wonderful in their own way. Won! Won a plastic poodle. A sawdust-stuffed velour bear. A white stuffed weenie dog! Now fightin’ our way through the crowd, past the rides. Past the Tilt-a-whirl, wormin’ our way past the Ferris wheel, and sideways past the merry-go-round. Past the con games. Pretty hot still in the midday sun. Who wouldn’t pay to see a fetus in a bottle or the freaks with extra toes or the cow with an extra head. Elsie the Cow, where was she?
Release Date: 2nd February 2012
Sean Murphy of Lansing, Michigan breaks the world record of putting the most Madagascar Hissing Cockroaches in his mouth by stuffing 16 live roaches into his mouth at one time.
Years ago I realized I lost my sense of awe, my sense of wonder. Nothing seemed to make me wonder anymore, at least, not in its original, spiritual sense. I wanted, needed to be filled with the immensity of something bigger and more powerful than me. I needed to know I am still capable of wonder.
Tomato -1
At the time of its release, Amy Adams was criticized for playing yet another energetic, dimwitted character but in this case it is an unfair assessment. While Delysia is no rocket scientist, she isn’t really that dumb, just indecisive and Adams does a nice job of conveying her character’s bundle of conflicted emotions. The young actress is her usual charming, irrepressible self and it’s hard not to root for her. Adams gives us glimpses of Delysia without the energetic façade to reveal a young woman afraid of being who she really is to those that mean the most to her.
If you would you like to receive notification of each new post on Carolyn’s Compositions, subscribe by typing your e-mail address in the SUBSCRIPTION box in the upper right hand column of this page. Notification will begin after you CONFIRM your subscription in an e-mail sent to you by wordpress for that purpose.
I started training for a 5K run today...
So, after hours of sorting through the bins and auditioning different fabrics, I found 2 sets that would work. Choosing the thread for the fins didn’t take as long. I decided on a bright pink for one set and, of course, I had a darker pink and a lighter pink but not the shade I wanted. So I embroidered the fins with the darker shade and then changed the bobbin and top thread to the lighter shade and embroidered over the first colour, leaving a lot of it to show through. The overall effect is now the right shade.
... announced once the move is completed.
Ian MacKaye’s former group, Minor Threat, coined the term and eventual subcultural movement, Straight Edge; a lifestyle philosophy that abstains from the use of alcohol, drugs and promiscuous sex. These ideals are outlined lyrically in the Minor Threat tracks, Straight Edge and Out of Step (Khanna, 2007). This philosophy was carried on in the next MacKaye incarnation, Fugazi. Fugazi not only empowered these ideals but also insisted on only performing at venues that allowed entry to persons of all ages and walks of life. Singer/Guitarist Guy Picciotto stated in Our Band Could Be Your Lifethat “Everyone has to be able to come in. We don’t discriminate against people. If you were fourteen, you weren’t allowed to into a place to enjoy bands. So we just vowed in blood that we would never do the same thing to other kids” (Azerrad, 2001). No alcohol or drugs of any kind were to be consumed or sold at these performances. Fugazi were so adamant about their disassociation with these adult vices that any interviews of the group could not and would not be displayed in magazines that contained advertisements for alcohol and nicotine products (Azerrad, 2001). This gave the group an ageless aesthetic that everyone could relate to which provided a juxtaposed alternative to the sexed up hair metal and junkie crazed grunge bands during Fugazi’s active years. Along with these clean ideals was a punk DIY influence that infected their business practices and touring schedules. The rejection of selling any merchandise (clothing, items, albums etc) on tour meant their only focus was solely their live performances in which Fugazi have become infamous for keeping their entry price to $5. As the band grew in popularity and financial inflation increased, Fugazi stuck to this low concert fee (Khanna, 2007). All records were released through MacKaye’s own label, Dischord to avoid collaborating with any major label that may compromise the band’s brand, sound or ethics (Azerrad, 2001).
The Man of Shadows, by Angel Zapata
Jack leaned back. "Don't get so excited. Tell away."
I haven't slept better in maybe weeks yesterday night. July has been a very emotional and tiring month for me, so that was good!
Looking suitably atmospheric on my bed there! It's been most welcome the last two nights too as I've shivered myself to sleep due to both the sudden drop in temperature and the germs that are rampaging through the house at the moment.
“Life is hard enough as it is without choosing someone difficult to share it with”
the one on the right needs finishing off
It is good story and easy to read for me.
He was just leaving the house to drive his girlfriend - who is delightful - to the station, when he heard a noise like a Eurofighter cranking up for take-off at Saba. Looking up, he noticed that a turbojet on full afterburner appeared to have become embedded in the top of the chimney, casting an eerie glow into the night sky. Unlocking the house he entered the kitchen. Unopened mail, snackpots, decorative garlic plaits and smaller items of furniture were being sucked across the room into the stove door, which now resembled the mouth of a volcano on curry night. The cat had its front legs wrapped round the marble sculpture of two penguins that his mum did on a residential week in Tuscany. He quickly phoned the Fire Brigade, while his delightful girlfriend sat down with her laptop and began some coursework.
I thought it to be a miracle that you would admit in the last two years, how I’ve been mistreated by family members. And, I have appreciated your love and support in my decision to focus on self-love separating myself from family members that cause me to be re-traumatized.
About a week and a half ago, we traveled about an hour south to Victoria, TX. We wanted to go down there to hit a store that we don't have here and since it was coming up on time to eat dinner, we decided to eat while we were there. As usual, I took Sophie some food in a lunch box in case I needed to feed her something I knew was safe. I wanted to eat somewhere I could order her something, but I wanted her safe food in case I chickened out.
After colouring it, I cut it out and glazed it over with Royal Coat Dimensional Magic and let it dry.
- Urban fishermen use raw chicken and used condoms to catch crabs in Newtown Creek - a Superfund site. Gothamist
Okay, so, I just wrote about it. It’s in the blog. I do what my girl says. Plain and simple. Now, maybe it’s girly of us, but talking is our thing. I love talking to Wifesy about anything and everything. It’s a blast. Our conversations never get old and if that’s not one of the keys to a relationship, then I don’t know what is. We always have hilarious repartees like this. Almost immediately following the gayby conversation we had another one. I’ve been going on a lot of job interviews lately and Wifesy and I decided that I needed a new, hot, outfit. The conversation, over breakfast, went something like this:
With a sprung dance floor and some talk for the spinners, you really cannot go wrong with this evening out in Wolverhampton. So get youraself suited and booted and get yourself down to the 'Newhampton Arts Centre' in Wolverhampton tonight. Tickets are selling like hot cakes I hear, so get yourself one now!
1. Relationships between colleages are always fertile ground. Write about the ‘alleged’ affair between your physics teacher and your economics teacher.
How many of you have wood decks? Oh, how i wish i could raise my hand as well. I just have grass. My table and chairs...just sittin' on some grass. Flower pots...plopped on the lawn. If i did one day get my low platform deck that i'm pining away for, i'd love it to be along these lines.
The 'silver pound' serves this pub very well. Packed again today! There was a mini bus in the car park when I arrived at noon. A dozen or so elderly ladies, who frequent the pub once a month-ish. They are a very pleasant bunch, as one would expect of their age group. The 'Chairman' has a joke with them. Then a steady stream of people kept coming in.
and... that's it:
He puts Dr Lee in touch with ‘John’, a British ex-Special Forces soldier who provides security for the logistics convoys that transport supplies by road. John claims that they are sustaining heavy casualties that are not being reported.
Deuteronomy 31:6 Be strong and courageous. Do not fear or be in dread of them, for it is the LORD your God who goes with you. He will not leave you or forsake you.”
bringing happiness into people’s days
Shape a piece of your conditioned clay into a piece approximately the size and shape as your mold, but slightly thicker than the mold is deep. When you put the piece in the mold it will bulge out of the opening a little. Taking a flat-ended object, gently push the clay into the mold. You are trying to make sure that the clay is forced into all of the recesses in the mold. You can leave the surface textured if you like, or trim off top with a clay scraper and smooth the clay. Place in freezer for about 5-10 minutes, then un-mold by gently flexing the edges and putting light pressure on the bottom of the mold.
Ending: Follow along, it's kooky. Freddy abuses Jason in dreams, but then Final Girl Lori pulls Freddy out of dreamland to face Jason. They chop each other up in a battle reminiscent of Frankenstein Meets the Wolfman then Freddy sends Jason into Crystal Lake and Jason rises up and impales Freddy with his gloved, severed arm, then Lori beheads Freddy and Fred and Jay drown. Or so it seems...
3. Hey Babe – 3:35
That’s what we did on July 27.
And, for the most part, I have done really well.
That's when I knew that this show was for us.
So our prayer for today goes like this:
Online retialer of the year
i worked a lifetime
Have a fabulous Thursday everyone -- I'll be back with more fun tomorrow so be sure to check back in! :-)
“Seeing that the Kuala Lumpur City Hall (DBKL) has denied the permission for Bersih 3.0 to have its gathering at Dataran Merdeka, therefore the respondents and the members of the public are prohibited from being or taking part in any gathering in these areas beginning tomorrow until May 1,” said Mohmad in a press conference at the Kuala Lumpur Police Contingent headquarters today.
A sweating, barking teddy bear
I was sad. The one thing that held that small bit of baby (nursing) and I wasn't even getting that. Each time I offered and she refused I felt defeated.
she said:
1. Israel must be preserved as a nation
Stamp - PTI Birds of a Feather, PTI Handwritten Notes
On our final Saturday night in Little Compton we had about 15 people staying in the house and we decided the best way to feed everyone would be a lobster bake. To get people hungry we started out with a guacamole competition between me and my friend Emily.
Marseille 1989! Made to love you!
The social networking results compared with the partisan knowledge gaps which remain consistent according to Pew makes perfect sense when combined, because if liberals refuse to draw on a knowledge base simply because they disagree and will delete, unfriend or completely ignore someone who disagrees politically, then they are limiting their knowledge pool to sources that agree with their own "opinion" rather than sources that could offer additional facts. .
It wasn't an everyday thing, on Classon Av there existed the same corner stores 30 years ago as now. The one on the corner of Prospect was most frequented by lunching hospital workers followed closely by the store on the corner of Park. Both stores' sandwiches were cheaper.
“I want volunteers from the First Church who will pledge themselves, earnestly and honestly for an entire year, not to do anything without first asking the question, ‘What would Jesus do?’
Sergeant James Gill, who previously commented about two female protesters arrested at a controversial Shell gas project in Co Mayo will now not be charged as he has retired.
This month I am very pleased to introduce you to Cindy, the owner, author ... and chef-extraordinaire ... of Vegetarian Mamma. Cindy and her husband grew up eating meat but decided to make the switch to a vegetarian diet about 8 years ago. Their children have been raised vegetarian but since Cindy's youngest son has allergies to peanuts, tree nuts, gluten, soy and dairy, they focus more on vegan foods. They are interested in whole organic non-GMO products which are free of artificial flavors & colors. And they've recently taken an interest in adding more raw dishes to their diet.
xyz_ : all disks on the enclosure whose name is xyz
Stephanie Christie / Mindnight - An Argument / 55
And so taxpayers are once more compelled to fund a pressure group whose views may be at odds with their own. Ministers of Health have repeatedly denied that these grants are used to lobby, but ASH does not seem to do anything except lobby. A legalistic defence could perhaps be made by referring to 'advocacy' (which is permitted under law), but no one seems to be able to provide a convincing explanation of how advocacy for new laws differs from lobbying.
Right here, right now, with the current circumstances inside NABC and outside it, I cannot revitalize the beer program at the Pizzeria & Public House if revitalizing it means retaining the previous format.
mirin, sugar……….3 tbs each
I pray that this little house becomes our home.
Now, as she suggested, I should start to pack actual clothing....don't want to forget clothing :)
It's the fight for children's souls. It's home education.
petitions and every sharp
“M” – Encroaching goblin with tent (Neon Rays + NP01)
BONUS STEP:
God must demand humans to be one with nature.
A far cry I think from when she was in swaddling clothes at the Bureau of Social Welfare in Nanchang or in a Brooklyn supermarket when we had to keep watching her to make sure she didn't turn down another aisle.
A melody in a bottle, a sonnet without ice,
Anybody who loves history would know that Clark Airbase used to be called Fort Stotsenburg. Situated three miles west of Angeles City and eighty kilometers north of Manila, it was not just the main base for the US Cavalry in the Philippines but a place of opportunity not only for Kapampangans but for people who wanted to earn a living in other parts of the country even then.
The Director of Design for Bruschwig & Fils, David Toback, told me yesterday that they are making three new color ways of Le Lac for Fall 2012. THEY ARE MAKING THREE NEW COLOR WAYS OF LE LAC for Fall 2012. I think Le Lac is pretty perfect just as she is, but I can't wait to see her cousins.
Later, he had learned that she was Rianne of Duskandar, born to be a warrior-princess, and brought to the castle as a hostage. She and her guardians had only been on the journey through, so they had stayed apart from the rest of the household and guests. When the girl had gone missing, there had not been a great fuss about it, because certain people were not meant to know about her presence at all. They didn't underestimate her afterwards.
So he took her.
In the case of antagonism, argue Laclau and Mouffe, ‘we are confronted with a different situation: the presence of the ‘Other’ prevents me from being totally myself. The relation arises not from full totalities, but from the impossibility of their constitution.’ 40 In other words, the presence of what is not me renders my identity precarious and vulnerable, and the threat that the other represents transforms my own sense of self into something questionable. When played out on a social level, antagonism can be viewed as the limits of society’s ability to fully constitute itself. Whatever is at the boundary of the social (and of identity), seeking to define it also destroys its ambition to constitute a full presence: ‘As conditions of possibility for the existence of a pluralist democracy, conflicts and antagonisms constitute at the same time the condition of impossibility of its final achievement.’[4] We must push to the edges of those boundaries and burst through. To invent through the openings that have been created via the intense accumulation of otherness on the fringes of society. “Antagonism is discursively constituted”[5] and was made evident through the conversation surrounding each piece within the art gallery and the pieces throughout the city as well.
At this point, put the tomatoes and some of the water into the blender, and give that a short whizz to chop up as much as you like. This step also helps to get out the last bit of paste from the bottom of the blender.
Author’s note 16 December 2011: When this was first published quite a few people thought it was autobiographical. It isn’t. This was a piece of creative writing. I started with the phrase “Blues in the Key of Bourbon” running rings in my head. I wanted to capture the thought and look deeply into it to discover its secrets. Below is what I discovered.
Sources for CAFR info:
Homemade Pasta Dough
The Ryobi handheld cordless drill is another popular brand in the marketplace today that delivers the power and reliability people are looking for when looking to purchase a cordless drill. It works excellently to hold screwdriver tips and drill bits in place. When you purchase a Ryobi 18v cordless drill, you’ll get a battery, a charger and a case plus a dual-headed screw bits. It uses the specific Ryobi 18V battery system and has a keyless chuck.
It's taken from "A Short History of George Younger & Son Limited, Alloa (1762 - 1925)" published in 1925. My copy is a fairly cheapo reprint from the 1980's, typewritten, with a pretty blurry reproduction of the brewery map. I've redone the years, added the colours and generally touched up the image. Some of the years are a guess because they were so blurred in the original.
Ahh NYC the food you offer. I couldn’t imagine being anywhere else in the world.
The previous generation of my maternal family came from the 'Essex side' of the Thames Estuary, more or less at the 'end' of the East End of London. In fact if mentioned in news reports nowadays the area is often referred to as as the East End.
And so the wheels turn.
I continued to push against the edge and stretch without making any attempt to understand either myself or the other person. In this confused state of altered egos weighed under rationalizations and justified arguments we started dialoguing.
Others try to differentiate themselves by presentation (Crystal Head for example) but when Beam Inc. introduced low-cal vodka called Skinnygirl following the success of its other “diet” ready-to-drink cocktail line, I had to give it a shot. I bypassed their flavored line (cucumber, tangerine and coconut) and went straight for bare naked or unflavored… To my surprise, it was quite refreshing on the rocks with the usual ever-so-present trace of ethanol note but with minimal other-than impurities, all with 20% less calories. The product also gets thumbs up for its efforts to expand the segment and further differentiate itself by catering to those who are health-conscious (is that an oxymoron?) or at least weight-conscious. While the Skinnygirl gets thumbs up from me, at the end of the day, I prefer my spirits fully leaded…
The sign said ‘Stop’ – but we went on whole-hearted
Boxes I made up for some of the staff.. Here is the LINK to the Tut. I did my top and sides differently I just cut the PP.. mine wasnt turning out like hers.. easier for me to just cut it and put it on the top and sides!
Here are some photos with various Muppets toys from the late 1970s and early 1980s. (Sorry, this was "B.E.": before Elmo) Those of you who are my age will probably remember some of these toys.
Paul Billy Tinong Mbah s/o Tezock & Grace Mbah
Well, not quite.
It always agitates me badly when I try to alert someone who has flouted the traffic rules and it turns out that they will show you that as if they do nothing wrong and sometimes they can even trying to challenge for a fight.
I urge this misguided mufti to revert to true religion and not to pay attention to the sticks of carrots of the House of Saud. They won't help him on the Day when neither family nor wealth would help, except he that appears before God, with a pure heart.
Sepawi is also Chairman and major shareholder of the construction giant Naim Cendara (in receipt of major government contracts), Chairman and major shareholder of Ta Ann one of the largest plantation and logging companies (given huge lands by Taib), Chairman and major shareholder of Sarawak Plantation Bhd (in receipt of vast plantation licences). Crucially, he is also as Treasurer of PBB (putting him in charge of all the money in the chief political party). Then there are all the key associations representing people’s interests that Sepawi is also Chairman of, such as the Oil Palm Plantation Owners Association. He is also Chairman of the Board of Sarawak Enterprise. The list continues.
maggie and milly and molly and may
In 1919 two of the islands were declared ancient monument areas and care has been taken since to look after the fortifications and preserve their history. Suomenlinna subsequently housed units of the Finnish army and the submarine fleet and served in Finland's air defence during World War II. In 1973 the islands were turned over the civil administration to be maintained as a historic monument as well as a thriving residential community that includes many artists.
involvement is of note in this symphony, because Bruckner
4,i like the cracked glass and sparkle on this one.
To maintain: To maintain your starter, try to feed it at least once a week, although it can go for a month or longer. The starter may have a substantial layer of green, grey, or brown liquid on the top and that is okay; it is simply alcohol from the fermenting yeast.
Here the gods of Asgard are almost explicitly characterised as aliens with such sophisticated resources that the difference between magic and science is not worth arguing for them. Aging king Odin (Anthony Hopkins) is about to hand over his power to his eldest son Thor (Chris Hemsworth) when an old conflict rears its head again. Odin’s long-ago war against the Frost Giants of another world within Odin’s domain has resulted in still-bubbling enmity, with a raiding party of the blue-skinned enemies trying to snatch back a totemic power source Odin confiscated from them; and that was not the only keepsake of the war he kept hold of. Thor, eager for a bit of thud and blunder, adopts an aggressive policy and attacks the Frost Giants’ world of Jodenheim. He confronts their king Laufey (Colm Fiore) but almost gets himself and his fraternal warrior-lords Volstagg (Ray Stevenson), Hogun (Tadanobu Asano), Fandral (Josh Dallas), and Sif (Jaimie Alexander) killed in being massively outnumbered by blue hulks and pet beasties. Odin has to extract them hurriedly, and, furious at Thor, believing him a foolish warmonger, exiles him to Earth and disables his ability to use his walloping warhammer Mjolnir. Thor crash lands on Earth and is immediately almost run over by research scientist Jane Foster (Natalie Portman) and her paternal partner in geekery Erik Selvig (Stellan Skarsgård). Thor stumbles humorously through this world, in which he’s still strong and able and yet completely clueless and far from omnipotent. Jane and Erik, who were on the trail of a mysterious rupture of Einsteinian physics, actually the manifestation of the Asgard transportation wormhole, the Bifrost or “rainbow bridge”, when she ran into Thor, slowly begin to comprehend his otherworldly origins, as SHIELD turns up and confiscates their research material.
The composition featured here, “Saint Anne’s Reel,” started out as a French Canadian fiddle tune and has since spread far and wide. I used to think people knew it in New England because it’s a staple of contra dancing, but I’ve since run into it all over the place.
Good for another 80+ years I think, and they made a good practice run for some of the other wrought iron furniture I have….
The Physical Sciences librarian was cutting journals that got more than 300 uses per year, so was fine with consolidation with another campus library. They could then have funds to provide journals faculty/students need. Arts, Architecture and Visual library was identified as important to maintain as a browse-able collection. Management, Entomology, Engineering, Ornithology, Hotel, Physical Sciences, and Industrial & Labor Relations libraries are merging with others.
But the actors knew the plot had changed
Now to decide the Psyche and Willpower of the enlightened epee or basically how easily it is for the sword to take over a player. The Psyche is 1d12 and Willpower is just that added to Intelligence with a bonus of +1 for each spell like power the smart scimitar happens to have. Simple right? Anyway on to the fun part. Every time a few circumstances happen the sword will attempt to take control of its wielder and this is called an influence check. They happen the first time a wielder touches it, when the swords motivation comes into play, someone of differing alignment touches it, another shrewd saber is found, and finally the wielder has lost 50% of their HP. The check itself is just comparing the its Willpower with the wielders which is determined by adding their Strength to their Wisdom and subtracting 1d4 if they are wounded but greater then 50% HP or 2d4 if equal to or lower then 50% HP. The sword also gets a bonus 1d10 if the person wielding it is of a different alignment. If the wielder loses then the foxy foil gets control of the character for an amount of time determined by the DM and will cause them to do something related to its goals such as ignoring the new shiny or go into combat. The control will generally only last a couple rounds but that should be enough to get what is needed done like causing the party to fight a group of orcs instead of just hiding from them.
Proton advanced 1 percent to close at 4.27 ringgit in Kuala Lumpur today, extending its lead as the best performer on the FTSE Bursa Malaysia 100 Index in the past month to 58 percent. DRB-Hicom was unchanged at 2.12 ringgit.
Back facts: Luzinski may have been a natural 1st sacker, but he played only 32 games of his 15-year major league career at first base. Thirty of those games came in 1971 and 1972.
On Saturday, two Molotov cocktails were thrown at the offices of Equitalia in Livorno, Tuscany, and severely damaged the front of the building after they blew off. Moreover, a letter bomb, which did not blast, was sent to the organization’s offices in Rome on Friday.
Mt. Vancouver: Read 25 books from your TBR pile/s
well little did we know how extremely hard the actual brass portion that fastens to the door is to find. We found tons of knobs, but actual brass pieces = near impossible. My sister in law took me to this huge antique store and after several hours I found two beautiful brass pieces
Combine all ingredients except the chips. Cover and chill for at least two hours. Serve with chips.
My mother and I have dramatically different music tastes. When I was a young girl, I’d listen to her record collection from the 60s and 70s while she bought the latest Top 40 CDs. As she bounced around the house singing songs from Will Smith's "Gettin' Jiggy With It" or Right Said Fred's "I Have No Idea What the Album is Called Nor Do I Care—two albums she still proudly listens to—I was mimicking David Byrne's dance moves in front of the TV while watching the newly discovered 15th anniversary release of Talking Heads' "Stop Making Sense."...
When Connie said "Should we call poison control", my heart skipped a beat, until she described to me what had happened. Poor Lia Faith. Though it probably increased the protein in her diet, I'm not sure she appreciated the taste of the dog food Lily Grace fed her as a treat for good behavior! Lily even had the dog food in a nice LinZDru's bag for effect. We're not sure how many morsels were consumed by the two little monkeys! Lily Grace says she didn't have any. She only gave them to Lia for good behavior. Lia had no comment. All she could say was "Yo Molly!" (Molly is our golden retriever).
... but the blocks section is the part which really appeals to me. I've got a similar book called How to Knit (now out of print, I think, my dad managed to find one for me second hand after I'd got a copy out of my local library) which contains lots of different stitch patterns and I really enjoying picking a new one and testing it out. The sheer number of blocks contained in 201 Knitting... and the fact that the blocks can be mixed and matched makes this a book I can see myself referencing again and again and spending many happy hours experimenting with the different designs.
But none of that matters. This isn’t about politics. This isn’t about black and white. This isn’t about you or me or some stupid f—ing game. This isn’t even about some backwater godforsaken hell hole on some faraway continent.
At the time of review and even in subsequent updates, the 'expedited' publishing service with Raider was around the $250 mark. I'm staggered you paid £700 - just for that - that's well over $1000 alone.
Recently, we have been approached by a few college students asking about internship opportunities at Events by Evonne. As our 2009 wedding season is fast approaching, it's time to start the search and the interviews.
4. List the bloggers you gave the award to with links back to their sites.
Label: Cabin Fever
At the same time, I’m beginning to plan the book – its thrust – the ideas I want to explore, the tough issues, the conflicts that drive it along – the characters, possible scenes, details… Ah! You know how it is. I do some of this work on giant spread sheets, but most on handwritten A4 sheets that soon build into piles. So, for my last book: Viking Women, Boat-building, Names, Merchandise, Weaponsmiths, Jewellery, Ladoga, Harald Sigurdsson, Rus, Black Sea, and so forth. Before long, these piles become tottering edifices.
If you've never visited the Graphics Fairy blog, you must go and have a look. It's full of fabulous vintage pictures free of copyright and just begging to be used! Thanks Karen, I love the image and hope the card did it justice!
As long as you don't take a wrong turn.
Because, tell me, would you write an epic sci-fi story about intergalactic warfare told in third person with the same “voice” you wrote your first-person self-deprecating autobiography of when you were fourteen, just entered high school, and a zit was the worst thing that could happen?
More popular than "The Cat in the Hat,"
and lastly, Garden Party mixed with die cuts created with the From My Kitchen Cricut cartridge. This card also meets all the requirements for this weeks Just Buggin' challenge - dry embossed die cuts.
“To my knowledge,” Ringelberg said, “this is the first time in a case with only cruelty charges that we’ve gotten an active sentence.”
On the way I might find a few extras, and by that I mean those little decorative details that can go from antique sheffield pieces, to old portraits, or even a simple orchid that can be bought out of a street market that can turn a boring space around the apartment into an absolutely cute spot.
Revenge had seemed a good idea with a skinful of beer and whisky chasers. It had lost its appeal the second he tasted the blood spurting from Rolly’s neck.
ambages n.pl.;windings, roundabout ways, delays. My writing is full of ambages--and they usually take me to interesting intellectual places.
Below is the teaser ad campaign that almost never happened. It was the perfect ad to overcame all the obstacles. Ultimately, it would launch Tommy Hilfiger into fame as a top designer, but not without a fight.
Mimi quickly ran out of the parlour room and down the hallway towards the armament display. She grabbed the Sword of Punarbrula from its display case and turned to face her jelly like husband as he rolled glisteningly across the floor after her.
Another thing the NBA needs to do is make more consistent calls no matter who the player involved is. A little over a week ago, Lebron James set a hard screen on Bulls guard John Lucas III and no foul was called. Today Tyson Chandler set basically the exact screen on Lebron James but he was called for a flagrant foul. If the NBA doesn’t make consistent calls, how will the players know how to play?
* An elven warden approaches the PC's and tells them that the ancient seals that guard a terrible evil have weakened
Just a quick post to say I'm going to be on holiday from now until next Friday evening - I've scheduled daily posts as normal but I won't be about on Twitter and I'll reply to all emails when I get home. Normal service will resume on Saturday/Sunday when I've had a good sleep!
“I know that and you know that but our killer seems to think otherwise. You must
By the last night one of the boys got her and a friend a wheel chair and pushed them around the park...
That's the easy part. Now, you have to come up with interesting things about which to write. That's still pretty easy.
Of course, I never thought to question: my mother was telling me these things, and she wouldn't steer me wrong, right? RIGHT? So, essentially, for the first eighteen years of my life, I lived in fear of the imminent return to life of a sanctified demigod and the subsequent culling of souls that he would harvest in the wake of his trumpet blasts.
There’s the readers to fear. Every writer wants readers, right? They want to reach out to the world, touch others, change people’s lives with their stories. But that potentially includes everyone you’ve ever met. Your exes. The bitchy girls at school. Your old headmistress (gulp). Your secret crush. And, of course, lots of random stupid people who won’t get your book, won’t believe your premise and won’t like your characters. Suddenly the prospect of Rowlingesque sales is horrifying and you pray for hopeless obscurity. Hmm. Toughen up. Don’t worry about it. Identify your worst reader fear - yes, your mother - and give her the manuscript. It won’t be as bad as you think. And if it is…well, at least it’ll be over. No other reader will feel so frightening.
I can hear these echoes
It's a Blog Hop with both DTs! Each DT member will be giving "their" digi stamp that they use to a random person who leaves a comment. Plus, visitors can gather "clues which are letters" at each stop to spell a phrase and be entered into the big contest to win one of many prizes including:
- Three-color distinctive leather
I've spun the wheels in light snow, a first with 80k on.
Massive earthquake,
No hablo Espanol! Thank you.
Hope your day has gone well .. .. we have ended up with the much needed rain again today. Good job really or else I would only have made even more ironing to add onto the mountain that is accumulating!!
And there are surprising a large number of good sushi restaurants on Ventura Blvd too, which I will miss. So, as one of my last weekday lunches in Studio City (before moving on to a new job I am super excited about in West LA, which will of course have its own stellar lunchspots) - "Gaston" and I decided to check out Kiwami in Studio City.
"Honey, isn't it weird that both of your sisters married Mexican guys? Isn't it weird that you had a serious girlfriend who was Mexican before marrying me, your Mexican wife? It seems funny that none of you got involved with Navajo partners, considering that you are Navajo."
a huge succes, everyone or almost everyone agreed with the new version.
The build quality is also first rate – it would take some serious abuse to harm the Vita, though we’d advise you buy a protective case anyway – a set of keys in the wrong pocket could ruin that lovely screen quicker than you can say “ain’t no Gorilla Glass!”
Jews were greatly over-represented among the early revolutionaries and later among the leaders of the Soviet Union, including the various incarnations of the secret police. The statistics that Slezkine presents are startling. Here are some of them.
Now I am learning to use even more tools in Photoshop and am just loving it :)
Night-to-face every girl and woman.
Palm breweries and Rodenbach's Ghequire collaborated with chef
when she was a little girl, she
You're gonna do great things I already know
Oh, yeah – forgot to mention that. There’s an alien invasion in this one, as some extraterrestrial rude boys turn up, possibly to complain about scientists shooting giant lasers at their planet. Disrupting some rather convenient naval manouevers most of the characters are engaged in, they stick up a giant invisible space umbrella (…ella, ella, ella) over Hawaii to keep most of the fleet out and set about calling home for reinforcements (sadly for the purposes of this rather weak running gag, not an SOS). The task of stopping them is, needless to say, up to Hopper and his crew (which includes a Barbadian singer, none of whose song titles I could crowbar into this sentence).
I already live with Humans Rights’ violation and severe one.Nobody asked me If I agree with what they vote.I find out that nothing has been signed and everything is still “under negotiation”
The Robin's Nest $15.00 Gift Certificate (our March sponsor!):
“Excellent! We’re going to be running a few more tests on you today, just your standard run of the mill stuff. If you come with me down the hall, we’re going to need to take a little more blood.”
“You’re an asshole.” She pivoted and got into her car.
I wonder if it was possible to change the future, would I do it? Rewrite history and all that? I'm not sure really? We learn so much from sorting out our own clutter and warped experiences, don't we?
( for my time, see the top left sidebar)
For everyone who asks, receives;
“We should investigate,” answered Hermel. “But carefully. There might be people needing rescue, but we are persons non-gratis there, remember… and Korfu is a wanted man.”
5. Reading texts aloud in class
Shiroyama Belgian white
Hope you will stop buy and see what is available...I promise you will not be disappointed with the visit. Be sure to click on the detail images and click again to get the real up close view.
A report on the Irene camp states that, out of a population of 1325 detainees, 154 were ill and 20 had died during the previous week. Still this camp had only one doctor and no hospital.
At the end of December 2011 the tenants received letters from the mortgage
Corals: CR3, CR2
NFL Comparison: Titus Young
19. Caffeine fights against your immune system and can turn it against you, causing auto-immune disease. This condition, known as immune dysregulation, is responsible for Lupus, Rheumatoid Arthritis and Muscular Dystrophy and Fibromyalgia.
In addition to being an author Georgia is a wife, mother of two daughters and a labor and delivery nurse.
But then I did it. I got on the plane, landed, figured out the (incredibly superior) public transportation system, made it to my wonderful hotel (shout out to Chic and Basic!), and spent the week having a blast…even with a few snafus thrown in!
As it happens, Bush has "a lot of respect" for Eno.
American Airlines said its surcharge had “no specific purpose.” But it could help offset an expected shortfall of nearly 570,000 permits costing about €4.5 million.
- In London, it is illegal to flag down a taxi if you have the plague.
What was your favorite part of writing Another Place on the Planet?
Mom prepared this as a snack for me a few days ago. It is usually paired with a tangy gravy or pulikuzhambu.Here mom paired it with sundakkai vatral pulikuzhambu.It is a yum combo. This upma koxhkattai can also be had with a simple coconut chutney.Sharing her recipe here.
Then we have Carl and Sandy, a pair of serial killers who use their frequent 'holidays' as cover for their murderous road trips. Carl is a photographer and Sandy, when she isn't selling her body out the back of the bar she works in is using it as bait to lure in the next victim. Whilst driving around they pick up hitch-hikers and slowly bring the conversation around to the idea of their passenger having sex with Sandy whilst Carl takes some photos. These pictures go on to document the men's deaths, something which the two of them have subtly different reactions to. It is never entirely clear why Sandy would go along with this way of life, apart from having little alternative and a seriously screwed up sense of her own self-worth. She gets satisfaction from the killing with some of them and from the sex with others. Carl meanwhile not only considers what he does art but also feels that the whole experience brings him closer to God.
Less soap operas, more reality.
Tolley would only lead Elon for five seasons; he had already decided that he did not want to coach past the age of 40. In his final two years, Elon would win consecutive NAIA national championships. Tolley’s career record as a head coach: 49-11-2.
When Natalie comes to her senses, she has duct tape over her mouth. Brenda taunts her, then yanks the tape off so that Natalie can respond. Natalie calls her crazy, then asks Brenda why she murdered so many people. Brenda shows Natalie a slideshow, and explains her mad plan. *cue Scooby-Doo music*
Faster Monkey Games
This doesn't have to be at all perfect. Just a rough divide.
"Did you see someone run through your yard a minute ago?"
Write out responses to the thematic questions related to Black Boy. Support your responses with evidence from the text.
I also loved the AJ-Daniel Bryan segment, very well done by both involved. AJ has certainly improved with her character development. She always could go in the ring, but now they have a personality to go along with it, and of course Daniel Bryan is brilliant.
Aside from the morbidity of those last paragraphs, I guess what could be positive in my current going ons wold be that I’m working again and pursuing things more seriously in the music industry. This life I’ve lived and continue to live has been so full and so intense with emotion. I wonder if this is the period in which my emotion nerves have frayed and now my mind is self medicating to keep me from insanity. Which makes sense, to me…. maybe not to you outsiders looking in. It’s like no one could ever grasp the amount of pain or joy or purpose that another goes through. When you all reflect on your lives do you feel like no one could possibly understand the “big picture” for you? It’s almost insulting to hear others tell you they understand. Yes, they may understand bits and pieces, but they can’t possibly KNOW your mind, your heart, your soul.
Yes, the series does move through the centuries. In fact it comes right up to date in the next book, Bloodstone, and that gave me a few obstacles when it came to mood and atmosphere. Firebrand, when I wrote it as a sort of prequel to the others, changed everything, and I realised I would have to change the next three books a huge amount. I don’t mind, though. I like these characters and I like spending time with them, so it was far from a chore – more like a good excuse.
Total Weight Loss: 90.6lbs
Hello my friends! How is this spring Monday starting for you? For me, today is the first day of a relaxing week by the beach, having a little break. I love travelling so much! Every time that I travel somewhere I want to move to that place for a while. This week I'm in the North coast of Queensland, Australia.
The other day, I saw my "dad" out and about. He didn't see us. We were running errands as my husband was off due to the weather.
I have been thinking a lot about covetousness lately and the sneaky way it can creep into our lives without our realizing it. We recently heard a lesson at Highway on "Our Conversation", and this verse really jumped out at me:
I love that man…
Softly structured, the Abbesses is perfect for business or travel, easily moving from a large city bag to a casual briefcase. With a discreet outside strap that slips onto the handle of the Pgase rolling suitcase.
And yes, while the Nets also introduced some warm-n-fuzzy Community Week events, more important was the worldwide publicity, accentuated by NBA Deputy Commissioner Adam Silver.
I woke up early today. I drove. I cleaned. I remembered.
‘What about that window?’ she pointed to the window not yet explored.
car accident
Do it, do it Pulis, please do it
Emma, you have a happy smile and the sweetest dimple! You think we are hilarious when we play peekaboo or make funny faces at you.
Last Call at the Old Ponderosa by Paula Rhea McDonald
I added a few little extras to this card. I put a little icing on my cupcakes by lining the top with Crystal Effects. I also created scrunchy ribbon with the thread pulling technique for the first time on this card. It is definitely going to be my go-to method for scrunchy ribbon from now on. It is so quick and easy! Mary's 1 Minute to Wow video at Stampin' Pretty is super helpful if you haven't tried this technique before. I snipped off the thread I was pulling to scrunch the ribbon and tied it through the So Saffron button.
teaspoon of cinnamon
Hope everyone has a great weekend. We have gotten a call from our son that the new babe may be getting ready to make an appearance, so our bags are waiting by the door. I'll keep you posted.
Lesley x
in heaven and on earth and under the earth,
Meanwhile, despite the fact that only five percent of vaccine adverse events get reported to the “voluntary” FDA’s vaccine adverse event reporting system (VAERS), there are many serious adverse events recorded and many more that seep through the cracks to vaccine concerned internet sites.
Hello Delightful friends and family,
Ink: Memento Tuxedo Black. Ranger Distress Ink in Frayed Burlap. Clear Embossing Ink
We were supposed to have our yard sale this weekend, but the weather might not work so that might be put off for another weekend. Time is so short, and there is so much to do. It feels like being in labor!! I feel like I am in transition, the part where you just want to say "Enough,I am going home, I'll have this baby later." That's me this week, I want to say, enough let's forget about packing and cleaning an painting, but like labor you can't just quit, so I will press on. Also like labor though, at the end you get a really sweet baby, this time we get a really great farm! Have a wonderful day and may God bless you the whole day through.
Most sports understand that the athlete is the product and that with no product there is no sport – at least there isn’t the ability to package and sell that sport to the masses. That’s why in the BIG professional team sports like the NFL. MLB, and NBA they deal with collective bargaining agreements that guarantee the athletes a percentage of the league income – often approaching 50%. It’s also why other professional sports that deal with athletes as individuals – NASCAR, the PGA, Beach Volleyball, among others – the athletes are allowed to solicit their own sponsorships AND advertise them on their person. In NASCAR the competition vehicle itself becomes rolling advertising!
The kitchen came with mustard appliances, which I used as a jumping off point. To complement the mustard, I chose to add grey and aqua along with a healthy dose of white to balance the dark cabinets that Vicki wasn't fond of. Here is the result:
The challenge that I did this month was the Bella Muse, this challenge is one that we do every month where there is an image provided to us to use on a project.
1. Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
Methylsulfonylmethane, or MSM as it is most commonly known as, is a naturally occurring, sulfur compound found in plants, fruits, vegetables, meats, and dairy products. It is a naturally occurring compound in the human body as well, although the body’s production of it does tend to diminish as we age. MSM taken internally or applied topically supplies sulfur to the body and skin which allows it to heal and regenerate itself. It’s an anti-inflammatory and an anti-microbial. It also acts as a deep delivery system when used in body care products, helping to carry nutrients and other beneficial attributes from the other ingredients into the deepest layers of the skin. It’s water-soluble, making it easy to dissolve in non-oil liquids. It’s molecular structure makes it easy to absorb into tissue and through the skin. It’s gentle to the body and skin but big on benefits.
4) Walk away if a lawyer doesn’t have a license.
I've tried this welding it at the left sleeve and honestly, there just isn't enough space there to get a solid card, especially because of the bottom of the onesie. It will stand up but it is really better with the weld at the top of the onesie.
For a few seconds I forget to breathe. I am numb except for my heart struggling wildly against my ribcage. He watches me – is he seeking my approval? - is he afraid? We’re not to hide behind the platitudes claiming the inevitability of death in war or the healing power of time. All we have is here, is us.
By this point we KNOW we won't make our original fuel stops so we've rerouted from Luxor to Crete to Luxembourg to Keflavik to Goose Bay, then back on plan.
The ‘shill’ is the oil industry.
In any case, it’s not my intention to take anything away from the story; I marvel at the seeming potency of this particular serial. Several of my Who-devoted friends would agree that it’s the tops, and while I can’t say that I do, neither can I offer up any reason why “The Caves of Androzani” shouldn’t be someone’s – or even everyone’s - favorite Doctor Who story. The case could even be made (and probably has been) that “Androzani” is the last truly great story of the classic series – laying waste to the entirety of the Colin Baker and Sylvester McCoy eras in one fell swoop - and it might be a case easily won. It really is that good. “Androzani” even managed to get a shout-out from Steven
Either cocoa sables or world peace cookies
A little boy wishes he had different animals parts and explains the wonderful ways he would use them. But each one has a problem, so in the end he decides he is happy being himself. . A silly and insightful tale told in classic Dr. Seuss rhyme.
We pay: S 0
11. Rebellion (Lies)
Pat-a-cake, darling, and peek - peekaboo.
49) I love Jane Austen. I saw "Pride and Prejudice" recently, and it really chapped my thighs. Stick to the fucking book, you twats. There's a reason it's a classic.
4. I’m a natural pessimist. Come by it honestly, from my farmer father and grandfather. Expect the worse, we say, and what you get will always be better. Usually.
I don't know about you girls (or boys) out there in blog land, but I'm betting that a good percentage of you had a brush with ballet. I certainly did. I had a book with lots of black and white photos that I studied with determination, memorizing every position, how to hold the hands and fingers, how to wear your hair in a tight bun and look serious.
Antigua is a distant dream and as my list of things to do grow in my Filofax, I begin the countdown to surgery.
Read Up: Psalm 61:1-4, 2 Corinthians 6:3-10
26 cloves garlic, unpeeled
Be Worried, Be Very Worried is not a typical title for a Wall Street research report, so you have to take note when that’s what UBS is saying about tomorrow’s Greek election.
I've glanced around the floor of the van a few times since then and never spotted him, but he keeps us company on all our travels, constantly warning us about our reckless driving and protesting the potholes that we insist on bumping over. He's a very safe driver, himself. I've decided he must be wedged underneath a seat somewhere in order for every slightest bump to aggravate him so, and I have no intention of removing him from his predicament.
That cannot hold
