Uh lol once ..!
Me too! T : I would have liked to have been consulted
call me when you can
Watched Earthquake at the Miami Improv. Great show.
Let's go Giant!!!
Only two summer dew tour stops this year..smh:/
why don't you actually tweet at her haha. You going to the game tomorrow?
How the do you play a sport you say you love and not know its past? When I was a kid I knew every guy who ever played & stats!
Going well, was in lovely #RI this morning for the RI Healthcare Reform Commission great to see how much the state is doing
Research and Markets: What Do Patients Think of Health Apps? is a Report that Contains Results from 100 Patient Groups ...
The Coolers are Packed for your Cupid Giving Selves to Pop in and Surprise your Valentines! Come in Early For Best Selection!
i hate when my ass hurts too bad for me cause i can only move so much in this chair
oh thanks
I'm going to guess Jayson Werth just broke his wrist. Not good.
I swear is Nasty with them Beats!!!
“: I was sick Bro smut bitch broke my heart lol” that's how it be bro
Think the imprint is on hiatus; not sure if future books coming or not. If I hear anything I'll tweet it. Thanks! Do u write?
I loved Scott Adams games but, honestly I never played them more than 10 minutes. Go north, go north, look around....
"Ire is a great word... For queers."
We will keep the tweets alive #amasummit will never die :)
you guys are mean to me. :(
Great move by Tavares to set up a scoring chance. He is now good for at least one "wow" moment a game.
Peter Bol: Licensing is a major problem for sharing geospatial data
really wish when someone said "i'll be right over to pick that up... " they didn't mean many hours later
JR Seau is the 8th member of the 94 Chargers to die before age 45
Pretty sure my nuggets can take em tonight!
A #goodfriday workout makes for a good Friday!
Lmfao @ E-40 "Her titties is a D-cup, she thick like Rachel Ray" hahah
I hate waking up forgetting what day it is and feeling like your suppose to be somewhere
Hieber's welcomes Prince of India restaurant for Taste of Oakland event 5/14/11. www.onlyinoakland.org - stop by for a taste!
Educators are discussing ways they have acted to mediate meaning and cultural issues in the classroom.
killin it at the Nuggets game tonight!!!!!
Kudos to Father Pfleger for 5k reward for information leading to the arrest for the beaten of the Elderly Priest..Father Mallette
First Suggestion, Women love flowers guys you don't have to wait for a holiday to buy her a small bunch of daisies.
just followed her man!
Based on population estimates the # of sexually abused men equals the entire populations of LA, NYC, CHI, HOU, and Philly.
It's not that I don't know what I've been working on, it's that I don't know how to write it up without sounding like a moron. ugh.
It's also Hug an Eagle Scout Day. :)
We like Damsels in Distress quite a bit too!
I truly understand your loss. My condolences.
I stroll to Pick 'n Save for my beer purchases.
I'm like...tall. Lol.
Yep but visiting family in Virginia 2nite. Wish I was closer to Wheeling. Sure would Love to catch up next time u r in Nashvegas
no I do need it, boys always need there guns lol
you are lol im mad you and bri was plotting on me saturday lol
So what to do next? Done with these preliminary contract numbers & my brain feels fried. #work is kicking my tail today.
Book is great. Swamped producing but reading when I can. email with your address, please.
love the sweatshirt<3333
Its all right. It was my choice. I am not ashamed. My name is out there. Fine. This is an important cause.
Big kudos to for wearing socks today.
This is about identity theft, Facebook is just a tool to leverage that. Normal legal rules apply.
You're welcome. I hope you checked out the grading rubric PDF linked to in the story. I found it interesting.
who u talking about cuz
Nothing like a little sparkle to kick off graduation weekend!
that is definitely a nice place to be eat a sandwich!
#WhatBrightensUpMyDay Reading an old -fashioned hardcover book!
Describe modern life in two words? Progress Bars.... or.... Oh vey. :)
Such a pretty day out. :)
Great thing about new office is that I can walk across the street to sonic.
Yes, then again what's on the paper needs to make sense :)
Celebrating my cousin's graduation from college today...my family is being oddly apolitical today
Xfinity live is crazy!!!!
I absolutely love that show! And no one is more corrupt than Nancy so I think you're safe there.
“: #TeamHoyas My Baby Got Into Georgetown Today :D” congratulations!!!!!
I'll head there for an orange tomorrow!
remind me to never go to a bbq in teterboro. especially if I have to fly there.
Ha! Nice one June. RT "Earth School... Where we get to keep going until we master the material. Hah! No pun intended."
was nice to meet you yesterday!
thanks for the follow girl!
": RT : no grown man should take mirror pics. ya heard " The Game is the ONLY exception, keep them coming!!
nice - i have this playing at work right now. RT : matt pond's "emblems" 2xLP for $10? oh yes. this record rules.
Come on Now, violations coming out before former hc is about to sign with rival? And your surprised?
to "expel modernism"
he wants it
you're mine too. Love you Enano.
How can i escape the madness?
JESUS!!!!! How do you say HEADQUARTERS in spanish?? HELP PLEASE!!!
Do you have Valentine??? Have you heard Taylor Swift new song Safe and Sound?
Thanks for the link, Diana!
Taking my Eddie George bobblehead to work at OSU to serve as my AFTERSHOCK detector. Faster than Twitter for "Did building/earth just move?"
OUR CATS WOULD BE BFF'S
haha, hope that mystery didn't come w/ a headache this morning!
CDC Task Force: Transferring juveniles to the adult system is counterproductive for preventing & reducing violence
At fugi steak house with gabe....ching chong wing wong cant understand ya
#GirlsWithNoAss DONT TAKE IT TO THE HEART... ITS JUST TWITTER lmfao
Good luck in your racquetball tournament this weekend. make sure to relocate back to center court to help stay in rallies.
"Accidentally retweeting" bs.
3 intriguing new tools for keeping tabs on your competitors: upstreamcommerce.com (pricing), moat.com (ads), contentaide.com (social media)
Wow. I'm sorry to hear that, good luck.
" Happy mother day "
Career stats: 5.2 points per game.... The Lakers can have McRoberts.
I'm not an anon but I'll #FF you :D
Just fuck his emotions ! He still wants me I already know ... He's just afraid to show it
what about analog summing?
I know what a good race. Enjoyed it.
We have McDermott's Irish Ale on tap and in pre-filled growlers! But keep your eye out for another new Irish Ale from Rohrbach's...
Me too! RT : what a loser...I feel bad for sometimes
Awesome!! We love new people. Make sure to get the Cookie Dough in a hand rolled waffle cone!
Today is just a lazy day ... Well all week has been .
Pharo's just tuttin' like always
why in the hell can #DOJ B so swift 2 catch a conspiracy 2 jack-up eBook prices but miss conspiracy 2 issue #SubPrimeLoans?
Bitch ass niggas got ass and breast
(extremely) Local tweet: courtesy of the lovely family, chocolate decadence cookies & a heart-shaped cake are in the R&D office!
Biz that replace guardsman while fighting oversees and don't give job back should be padlocked and owners sent into exile, maybe Afghanistan
Im still doing great in sports betting. Tryin to do better in mlb. I believe i got it now. I took toronto blue jays today! They beat kansas!
ate way too much amazing food this weekend...
you know it! Same to you.
changed back to my pjs.. :(:(
“: my feet are literally destroyed from last night” feet aka entire bod
<~ A professional experience, by experienced professionals.
Haha no just a truck
Getting a lot of calls from the Pgh Post Gazette article, things are moving well today.
Im Out Selling tickets to See Yo Gotti on May 26th feat. FFTAMG. $10.00 get at me..!!
What's on your bucket list?
I know. Never a good thing :(
#ABeautifulMind soundtrack always seems to put me back at center. Also, I associate it w/library scenes and am able to study better.
my hubby & I just watched ur show. He said if they get divorced, I will lose faith in humanity. I agree, ur a great family.
"No wonder he turned to a life of crime.”
A man must be big enough to admit his mistakes, strong enough to fix them, and smart enough to listen to me next time ;)
morning mike. Hope you have a good today :)
Did you smoke a cigar too?
Thanks boys! :) RT : Everyone go listen to They're sick. Thanks
my guitar teacher laid a sick lead over my bridge for the one song
#nascar # californiacostumes Junior has 'fun' despite questions in Kansas Imagine, if you can, riding around a race track at nearly 190 m
Why the fan in my class fell out the window. LMAO
big DAY
Your thoughts create your life. The challenge is to choose thoughts of the life you wish to live while experiencing contrary conditions
Ba ba ba ba what to do ah ha kill my bros! (just kidding!!)
My daughter will be teaching 7th grade @ a new school in Chi starting tomorrow & the teachers get brand new ipads!!! Coolness:)
Antz in pants. Just do it
so u can video the trips to the stadiums lol
My life<3 Well not exactly but converse are very awesome xD
For the program to work, everyone needs to understand that social media is measured differently
Laced. Bound. Tied. Corsets on the brain. Art in my heart.
I heart break and you too.
Enjoy! RT :House full of #teenage laughter, sweat & hard work as a Hudson High School DI team practices...
No problem. Spotting stuff like that can be a blessing or a curse. Never know if it's helpful or annoying, but I mean well. :)
Staying in Milwaukee and doing the weekend program. Very excited to get started. Great kickoff so far!
What genetics is and is not. Actually, genomics. (Dr Thomas Insel, dir of at #PAS2012)
That awkward moment when you take the train home with Kevin. Ha!
True ease in writing comes from art, not chance, as those who move easiest have learned to dance. -Alexander Pope
Great...glad to hear it Ashley. Should be a fun weekend!
Been traveling all day & my sister is late picking me up. Times like this I realize by being cheap I'm only getting ahead Enron style.
Alone in a car, stuck in traffic, is where we become different people who can no longer empathize with humanity.
Got my first pair of Tom's today - can't wait to sport them while exploring Paris! LOVE this organization!
can I heard it too...
I like the positivity of Almost like a Rudy-esque twitter motivational speech. Good luck !
Just got ran into a bunch of cunatruction signs by a semi truck but moys great driving prevented us from getting hit
I'm reading a few good books, I'm getting ready for a big score!
Yess I Am.
I guess Jennings hasn't watched a lot of Warriors games these last few years...
i usually fall asleep around 4. Is that too early to be considered an insomniac?
Are you talking about me? *hopeful face*
great pass
Never seen Milwaukee's Best View for yourself? Come join us in our little corner of the river. We believe we've got the food to match it. :)
former #PRSSASDSU speaker is looking for a PR intern for a nat'l camp. I rec she reach out to you.
Plus, no nudity RT : "Hugo" has interesting historical underpinnings, but is so grandiose in presentation that it irritated me.
Haha just read these...yea, thought you're tweet was funny! #crazy***bag
how you doing
No one told u to touch. You hold know better.
you look amazing either way
RT Hey China dolls, go follow and
Thanks for the follow!
The saddest summary of a life contains three descriptions: could have, might have, and should have. ~Louis E. Boone
Happy Birthday Chuck. Have an Amazing Day and a great weekend. Be safe!
OMG they should make a law that people who lost their voice should not b allowed to sing until its back!!!!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0085>
Jordan named new USC Aiken chancellor
Must be the haircut.
Are you excited to get your braces off Austin?!?! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Mortgage rates took a turn for the worse this week, dragging down refinance activity in the process.
It feels like everything has changed between us.
I figured. I wanted Herbies around the world to know there are Vegetarians & Vegans in Oklahoma. cc:
Hooked! ---> Scandal
if staying at Pops Lake for SPAC I rented a bus to go back & forth. $20 round trip. Let me know if anyone wants in.
Not even following the Big Bang Theory can save a show as bad as ROB.
MLK Day event at Sears!?!?! Really? MLK to sell appliances? Is nothing sacred?
oh how you go to see that video ? Lol
JUST FINISHED HOOPN....GTTA TAKE CARE OF SUM BIZZNES NOW
um a couple months ago I did.
Goodbye dreams of state!
have the best time. Can't wait to hear about all your juice tasting!
The male nature disgusts me!!
No, unfortunately we're busy with our DC, NY biz atm...you? are you going to do any reports from there?
So i hear it's Mother's Day in America so.. Happy Mother's Day to all the Mummy's. ~Leanne<21
may 23 #Liv #stamdardtradition see ya there
Your just a boy you dont understand
You've got a lot of choices. If getting out of bed in the morning is a chore and you're not smiling on a regular basis, try another choice.
Gettin some lunch then heading to the gym
Ok.ok..ok.
Took long enough
I love you <U+2665> 1
fuck you hooker face!
God given gift, so so sad.
lol it's really not that hard tho
His name and last name start with a V. Yes, he has a gorgee Butt. Yes, you know him. Yes, he's cute.
Feels good to vote for yourself. Remember to write in Scott Plantz for Mayor of Milwaukee
play offs Saturday
agreed! where r u playing? golf is becoming very slow lately. r more new ppl picking it up (good thing). need to make it faster!
It's a #BlackKeys type of night...
Oh this Man City game is unrral
Indeed, and he denied Harris his ton...
Doing a week's worth of homework so I have no homework during the play...
Behind the wheel went well:D
Happy #FF! Thanks to our new - and loyal - fans!
Fuck yeah, I got candy sprinkles. Commence cookie making.....now.
We had so much fun celebrating #Halloween with you on #Saturday! Thanks for the fun times...Stay tuned for what's up this week!
ill be watching you timmy good luck go get em
Remember we offer Free Delivery after 6pm Mon - Wed! Call 305-883-1177 or order on line now!
Avengers comes out this week. I'm excited. And now heading to bed
The Guto has been drinking again
hey! please follow and help me out!! i need kore followers ! i follow back!!!!!!!!!!
I don't think I have any Rapture worthy hats to wear for the occasion.
uh oh. Where's mamma Watson? Lol
That ride to the suburbs getting to ya? ;)
heyy biotch wake up before I biotch slap u
Just as in life, fitness is a journey taken a step at a time. Be patient.....Be consistent!! www.befit-chicago.com
Aw, I was there on Thursday! Paths almost crossed!
Order sent to Tess in MD!
Why are mornings and bedtime so difficult here? Oh man...
Me and my boyfriend are an odd couple.
Dad Impossible!!
Happy Sunday Everyone!
20 years later, but its fine im just in a bad mood. whats up?
That awkward moment when you realize you've been saying a word wrong your whole life.
how you pull that one?
Fun thing about craigslist transactions: its like a spy rendezvous in a movie. Its a top secret business swap with a total stranger
I was going insane something was beeping in my house!..... It was my phone :D
yes that's what I'm learning. Specific french Canadian course. It's awesome!
Saw the Stahl/Chemosphere houses. Next, Eames/Gamble. Then, the Jetson house for packing & wishing I was moving into one of the former.
Yup, it's been a busy two weeks!! Christmas was great (except for the pea soup debacle). How about you? Happy New Year!
RT : RT : Sine die! Georgia session over and anti-free speech bill #SB469 is dead! #WeAreGA!
his big i cant feel my foot head ass
I got stuck in your hood for a LONG time!!
Awesome news! Look forward to seeing you.
Spotted, by : man dressed as Snape.
all it is, is the words I'm alive I'm dreaming. Its not his face or anything. That would be stupid
your not a hipster, you're homeless !
: i agree well nice chat and good luck! Im going to sleep
Lakers Just Got Dat Ass SPANKED !!
we watch the lakers series from last year.
LookN for 1 Hell of a Storm!!
dumb blonde.. And where ur forehead or like ur actually head
For the 10th time my phone randomly started playin 's covers in the middle of class AGAIN! My phone obviously LOVES Arabella.LOL
*sighing in resignation* She made a haphazard attempt to open a vein.
About to order some TRU wear from that nigga get ya summer shit up
Dad's bday today -- is that one of the things helping this feel like a brand-new phase? Also, sweet autumn rain cleared out some energy.
Santa's work is done. Chele and I are just waiting for her family to arrive. Merry Christmas
It's definitely not the way it used to be<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Men worry over the great number of diseases, while doctors worry over the scarcity of effective remedies. Pien Ch'iao
What is on Weeks hand a sliding mitten??
However, the Breaking Dawn Pt. 2 trailer where vampire Bella stalks her deer lunch was unintentionally memorable (and hilarious).
Just wrapped up playing photographer at my first photo shoot with and
37% of battery ..
I am going to watch #QVC until I have the urge to buy something!
In Salmon Creek WSDOT crews are opening up another lane on the 134th St exit from I-205 NB this morning around 6:00.
I am freakin' tired today! I don't think it gets any better this week though. Not a bad thing! EROCK
yep I'm union
Brands will have to start using the Facebook timeline feed in 30 days. Will be interesting to see what page features translate!
i hope that you know it , you are growing and for us is very emocional , and will never leave you ! we loveU12
I find it funny how #oomf is talking shit about pregnant women..when it was a pregnant woman tht brought his stank ass into this world
thanks so much Yuki. You were amazing
When cody was singin Angel, i was filming &than my ipod died.. and it didnt save what it already filmed :( darnit
Its giving time! Please click the giving tab at the bottom of the screen.
Thanks, Stephan! Very much appreciate the feedback!
sunday laid back but have alot on my plate.
Ha! RT : Starbucks should create an index of economic activity: # many job interviews, start-ups, etc. forming in their stores?
“: Ex-boyfriend's should stay ex-boyfriends...U left for a reason...”yes I agree
You're Whacker! Lls
New York, I love you but we need some time apart. I'll see you in a few days.
Soo who has a gif boom? I only have like 2 followers...
When you are tired; listen to your body and realize you might actually need a break, a nap, or fresh air instead of pushing yourself more.
my duties called ;)
I need a chill day.
u an alum too? One follow coming up lol
Hello? Anyone there? You guys keep spelling appetite incorrectly. Might want to change your auto-message. It's on repeat.
Dig deep cause it'll be all gone once the big girl arrives
TGIF! We hope you all have a great weekend and stop in to see us for drinks, dinner, or Sunday brunch!
coffee, eggs, re-cap in anticipation for tonight
Good morning(/
BOOM! You're the man. See ya there and thank you!!!
Thank you! I'm always more comfortable in a place once I know a bit of the ecological and geological context.
“: God is looking for servants with hearts to believe the unbelievable”///Preach it!!!
Give a man a match, and he'll be warm for a minute, but set him on fire, and he'll be warm for the rest of his life
Difference of opinion was never, with me, a motive of separation from a friend. Thomas Jefferson
Started using git because of this Zotero translator. Used CVS pretty heavily a decade ago and have half-assed SVN when needed recently.
you are my world. my role model. I I'll always support you. I love you forever Liz <3
Big shout out to my homie Orlando from The Green Mile co.
nice! Please say hey to home for me. Do you live there in the off season too?
": Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there!!" And to you also.
Forget Peeta, Gale, Edward, and Jacob. I'm still Team Darcy.
My grades right now > <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C> on point!
looking forward to your presentation tomorrow Summit.
I did laundry last night, does that count?
well it said something about bitches so nah nvm haha.
Any wedding planners out there! I need some good phrases for the invitation cards for a friend of mine!
you're the best!!! concert here we come!!
you could run #gridworks on an open IP and port and let other people access it. use -i option for host and -p for port.
The Winning Ticket: Lisa Hannigan
DKR by a bunch.
Why am I so alone in this world? I just want someone to love who loves me back just the same...
we find out tommorow!:)
Well, at least Utah has Derrick Favors to look forward to next year
#ryan #braun handles himself as well as any past or present pro athlete in front of a mic.
I wish I could join you! Are you going to wash your brioche down with a gelato bellini?
Good Morning!! :) You should have some Papaya for breakfast.
Sorry I been gone for a min but im back
SA code enforcement officer John Garza is always on duty. He's the 1st to start a recycling bag.
Sweating my balls off at 9am
In honor of my jaw being unwired, my coworker saw fit to blare "The Final Countdown" at high volume throughout the newsroom.
Bucking the local party nominee, eh Ron? Oh, you (well-paid) rebel! cc:
choiroffuries I've just been looking at beer from tesco's, Corona is on offer till tomorrow which is the same for most of the deals!
That awkward moment when you realize every house has a particular smell, but you can't even smell the one at your house.
I read the book and thought the movie was really true to the book. Did you read it?
Say what's real. Do what's right c:
oops sorry i mean WHEN sorry luv ya
Ok done with English class time to work on something fun.
Excited for CWSL students to compete this weekend at ABA regional mediation competition! Go teams!
<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA> got my tickets to the gun show <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
Fun Fact: Jamie Moyer pitched 141 MLB games before his current team, the Rockies, ever existed (h/t )
Yay! New commercial and Video auditions! I love it!
na, just don't be dumb
how to you say it?
yep! I have a secret complicated number that means something awesome is happening. Once again, it was right.
oh. It happens sometimes. I agree though, that can get annoying really quickly. Haha.
The more you lose yourself in something bigger than yourself, the more energy you will have. Norman P Veale
And for the record, it's a concept mix based entirely upon "connections" between the records (samples, word association, pairings, etc).
My kid can't think of anything he wants for his birthday. :/ #SignsYouSpoiledHim lol
Want the "All Summer" Ringtone?? Just text PUPPETSUMMER to 69937 for your free ringtone Available now
follow what????
lol what did they say to do that?
“: The herps. RT : Hey dolls! What does it mean when your lip randomly swells up like crazy??!!!” HAHAHAHA
I think you will never change and that's the truth.
SocialToaster is still hiring. Sales positions open in Baltimore, New York and Los Angeles. If interested contact:
Drum tracks for three tunes are on the can. Ol' One-Take strikes again!
That ishh was bananas RT came to Our photoset captures the sexy,sweaty party that transpired
PowerShell, Exchange Management Shell & ActiveRoles Management Shell - Really cool stuff! Building custom management solution for a client.
only for a little
Just announced Traveling Circle with The Psyched and Midnight Kids Friday, May 7 @ Secret Project Robot www.myspace.com/travelingcircle
Jerry and the entire organization owe the fans an apology for their miserable season.
" So, so happy for you, friend! #enjoyit" - thank u friend!!
I think your cheese slid of your cracker girl lol
getting ready for the Packer Game!!! GO PACK GO
a massage haha
please follow me please!!!!!
Hi guys, yeah the beta launched in late October. Feel free to put a new listing, it'll get approved asap.
Gabriel Project offers loving care
Yowza! Don't get between them, please!
If you're in Marion, Ind., today, pick up a copy of the Chronicle-Tribune for an article about the Point Park-Taylor game yesterday.
34 pages ? a chapeter ? fudgecakes , babe . you are damn awesome .
smh RT : Bynum said message he got was not to take 3's if u r going to miss. "But I'm going to take some more."
Awesome. Enjoy it, Jack.
westside Madison folks... mind the lunch time speed trap, westbound belt at Mineral Point.
"Sometimes the questions are complicated and the answers are simple." -Dr. Seuss (The questions don't have to be complicated!)
Takin on the big apple this week!
Hey im following :)
“: I get jealous, I get mad, I get worried, I get curious. That's only because I care.”
I want to look up / And see your eyes change / Forever / By me
I will be at The Cove with and tonight. Geneva on the Lake. 9pm.
Thanks for covering the joint initiative for better geo DNS lookups.
Just had a great lunch at Inspiration Kitchens. Sorry to miss you .
Morning Twitters ^_^
3 things about the packers game. 1. Cam Newton is pretty good for a rookie, needs a lot of work.
check ur trash can its still there on ur comp hard drive
yes, just tweet the hashtag WITH the link. once the vid reaches 50,000 views the city with the most tweets will win points :)
Orlando city is up 5-0 on us, and I don't hear a word coming out of their supporters. Also we have more chants than them
Goodbye yesterday. I can't take you with me.
We're looking for a freelance designer over the next couple of days for some environmental & POS mock-ups. Email
MM :) omg bfmabvzjfgqEI2GHQ3TAETBWIGIYWEIFWBMJmcmawiuyowet
starts in 2 hours! Are you coming?!
Urge Dems in Congress to develop a spine & pass meaningful healthcare reform w/public option in Ted Kennedy's honor. Pls RT!
Just got some water to a client in Green Lake
She even gives Jersey Girls a bad name.
we're on the case and building up our #futurefund bid
lol big feet?
A5. Walk away.
Before, I'd only heard of this great show.
Finishing up an Information Security project today and head for Bali, Indonesia for the Holiday Season. Happy Holidays to everyone!
Keep following me y'all because I really will follow u rite back ;)
": Ted Thompson taking the stage at Shareholder's Meeting to long ovation." How things have changed!!!
I am going to be rising a mountain bike all day possibly in the RAIN
Lombardi: we have to allow for the possibility that some kids will fail.
On behalf of the entire Focus Magazine staff, we want to wish everyone a #happymothersday!
lmao where did you imagine I was from?
Is the tights as pants fashion trend linked to poverty. At unemployment office and its headquarters for this.
Listening to radio on #pandora and #Headin home ...
Who's going to Warped Tour tomorrow to see ???
the sky is the limit
BIG FOOT!!
Audition tip #7: Never diss that weirdo on the set! It might be a Producer!
I'm going to take on more look at that azz. Ok now I'm out
": Clark County 61, Campbell County 45. Final. Clark vs. Mason County The more things change, the more they stay the same
like honey you are too ugly to be a first lady?
NASCAR At Texas Motor Speedway 2012 Weekend Preview ...
#RefYouSuck flop city!!
"Believe with all of your heart that you will do what you were made to do." - Orison Swett Marden
Just figured out that very large percentages of Pell recipients in my study have measurable depression-- eg upwards of 30+ % at many schools
Lots of "Recall Walker" signs on lawns around Milwaukee. Would love to see Tom Barrett take his seat!
I am going to take so many pictures of Michelle Obama today...
is a stawbarry shortcake
Cardio. High stepper then trainer for an hour session now back in the gym for more cardio really trying!! Getting hard pushing through
First oregon game he has watched ": o_0 RT Oregon sees Adidas and raises. Wearing almost same neon unis as Baylor!"
HUMANS are MOSTLY MADE OF WATER....CLEAN WATER DOES A BODY GOOD.....
Exactly! And -- cheers!!
Hey En-Crowders! Don't forget to join us tonight for Zumba with Torch Fitness @ 8:00 p.m. in the Enso Fit. See you there! :)
Every Kiss tweet back #candyheartmessage starting with E today!
Watching MI: Ghost Protocol Very cool movie! Good to see Tom still kicking ass!
self-retraining is probably the only way to overcome problems with lizard brain short-circuits.
RT : JPMorgan loses 2 billion, betting on credit default swaps. Do these people never learn? Answer: No.
Shoutouts to , Thanks for retweets kind sir!!
Wow...tattoo shops seem to be chasin' for work and I keep on gettin' more and more booked.
One roommate is dying his hair, one is showering, the other is shaving. I just need to fuckin piss. This is how people get kidney stones
RT : Great post by Nina Simon first year as Museum Director, "Year One as a Museum Director... Survived!",...
Ok Marlo- Let's NOT leave our bag in the sacristy at church-
iwant to go home...
heard on the show today "they'll be able to get out of that house in 2 years," what makes u so certain?
#25 Bro, I don't care what the world says LIFE begins at conception! #GodlyBroTips Psalm 139:13 Jeremiah 1:5
Preaching my goodness!
Yay to the SmallGirls! We will figure this crazy GS timing out soon!
thats how i like it boi
don't think he's THAT good.
Excellent expose on the economic impact of sky high energy costs
no problem! Help spread the name also!
My art teacher threw away my art sculpture
Done with his BS.
menu bella, chef!!
I'm so happy because today I found my friends - they're in my head. - Kurt Cobain
sis where are you?? DM me your number
My wife is still in bed (as I should be) but thanks to for the birthday wishes :) 2nd half about to kick off
jcwestern has a HUGE SALE in both stores or online
When I am having a face to face conversation with someone and they're telling me shit I don't care about, I walk away. *Kanye shrug*
Adele wins everything!
#Philadelphia, here I come!
not true
Don't worry. I'm not so classy that I can't yell out a nice long "boo" now and then.
All these dating shows like The Bachlor/Bachlorette and Love In The Wild are nasty! I hope they give them passes to the free clinic.
I am happy you're at least lurking! Besides, the museum of the future mona lisa millennium falcon ROCKS! cc
Um, yeah, that doesn't seem like it makes sense unless the tall woman was super butch...still...really?
PHX twit peeps msg me if you want to go to the Blues Festival at Desert Ridge 2nite
No worries. I miss you, but was good dinner company.
omg, i wish i were there with you to see that. i took the hotel shuttle :P
It’s thirsty Thursday folks! Happy hour 4-7. Get down to Brady Street!
Just had a pumpkin spice frappuccino for the first time, I thought it was just ok. I'll have to try it hot.
bitch just slapped my fucking car ! lmfao
yes! What would be your route!
Dallas is about to get swept.
Time to get down here and warm up with 2-4-1 EVERYTHING from 5-9pm. Also, make sure to check in on Foursquare and get a Free Powers shot
we'll have to dream of prosperity and liberty. With Romney we'll get neither.
Thinking about Mother's Day gifts? Order Early! Earn Double Rewards! All orders placed by 5/10. Enter coupon code: 051012 during checkout.
you should<U+E327>
Just cut my hair ...time for change
be careful he's only good for 60 miles tops, he can't handle driving further than that.
Fell asleep on twitter last night on my phone. Yesterday was a pretty nice day at Tyson's mall with the Team.
if you see this message: You seen what this person is saying about you? link ...terrible things... it's not real, got hacked.
Stress, stress everywhere. Jugar algo de
Valentine's Day is for losers! :) chillin
in 1 word describe you experience on true blood as sophie-anne lecerq?
miss mariah
you PMS like a bitch I would know
So jealous of for seeing the avett brothers last night in Springfield!! I can't stop wishing I had been there!
I have final exams next week...
is fiverr down?
MIKE wheres the bear i gave u yesterday????
sweet!!! Good times! HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!!
Hey is it weird that the Knicks lose as soon as comes back?! He is a disease to every team!
Article definitely seems to simply those two issues. Its easy to moralize sex workers and assume that all are drug addicts.
#TimeWarner on that BS.
FUCKING FINALY. I have my chance <U+2764>
i wish quick had a fancier mask
yea. Plus they run at Sports Academy in the mornings.
promote what you love instead of bashing what you hate.
That's awesome, best of luck on your move to the east!
Remember when we had our nicknames as our usernames on here? Yeah we should do that again...js.
Yes! Music!!!! Although I love a flashy show as much as the next guy - nothing beats talent!!!
West Mission Bay Drive will be closed for triathlon starting at 1:30 till 4:15 so avoid it if you are going to beach
Gmorining hope you have a beautiful day
RT after around 1hr to 1 and a half hrs of exercise.. you get tired!
": It's sad when the person who gave you the best memories, ends up a memory."
That's true. I think that's actually a good sign. First come the early adopters, then the next wave…then friends.
Speaking of Oolong -- we're getting some 15 yr aged Oolong in later this week. Should be great!
Thanks for the idea! That kind of thing would probably be perfect for the Market Days downtown next month.
false. Take the ACT for me. All I need is a 24!
Come to the show at VIP Rockstar Bar, Mark Slaughter is here.
I have come to the conclusion I must attend UMF next year xD
What's up?
Workshopped with the very impressive Michael Testa. Challenging cold reads and rich feedback. Thanks, Michael!
I don't get the point of hickeys. They hurt, and aren't too attractive.
the pastor is our father ami helped me alot! ;)
sure u do, easy access ;)
you guessed it! But I love #MyBou!
Lindsay Lohan has a GREAT lawyer. The lawyer got her out of jail in less than 24 hours last month.
Sure...I will check out your site!
Its raining here in #NC #Fayetteville and im sitting on my porch admiring the gentle breeze and the soft sound of rain drops
It's wing grind time, come threw and grub. I'll be working.
Um OK whatever u say
that just about drives me over the edge.
What kind of beer though???
BARACK THE VOTE
Taking my son in for his first new born doctors appointment.
First tweet from my #droid - So far I love it. Will need a few weeks to kick the tires.
Happy Mothers Day! Thanks for everything moms!!!
I am very sad, I cry.. tweet me :)
Who are the best liberal bloggers?
Vernon Franklin > Brenda Johnson...but Charlie Murphy's Rick James better than both. Hilarious.
That is cool. Thank you for sharing that with us.
I haven't read Born to Run, but I am now number 235 in line for it at the library . :-) Thanks!
Bottom of the ninth, and the Nats are attempting to hang onto a one-run lead.
>>today; ...forgot where I was going with this multi-part tweet.
Bro, be careful what u speak over ur life because the power of life & death is in the tongue. Prov18:21
Unless Chile makes an ample apology for the #Baltimore incident, there will be war. Valparaiso will fall in a matter of days.
you too lady!
Pythagoras~ Above all things reverence yourself.
completely understandable. May add you to fb later. :)
stupid how was yours?
I love Iggy Pop but American Idol really? Um...
Tell me about it, I live in the South now.
Our boys, will FINALLY be releasing their debut album at HOB. Make sure u are there. If u still need tix, DM us.
Lots of hockey tonight make sure you go to www.watchnhllive.com to watch all the games live and free just register and gain access enjoy!!!!
ha wanna see her lol
I think this has less to do with unions, and more to do with PA's new online application system....
Good morning beautiful tweeple it's me Mason guest tweeting again had and interview with yesterday and had a blast
Sorry I haven't been on Twitter a lot, I've been busy w/ cheer, dance, voice, and MANY more.
Thanks for the tips!
"Relax" is clearly the least relaxing thing you can say to a person.
i enjoy reading ur news. keep it up.
Never say anything about yourself you do not want to come true.
#hawks are up and down, up and down. lose to the #pacers tonite 96-84.
Can't have laptops in the Methods in Lang Arts course I'm taking at UNO. We definitely cannot be trusted with them!
Watching #justgowithit w/ and family. cracking up!
This has been fixed in Unify 1.3.11, so go ahead and update and let us know if you have any further trouble. Thanks!
Thanks for the great rating!
Getting in my daily dose of #DISTURBED with Pain Redefined!!! Memories don't lie ...
Hehe did a little partying last night....soo fun!!
The Iheart Radio, is the shiiizz!
David Cuillier of natl SPJ speaking on how to get open records from gov officials for journalism. #SPJR9 conference.
As much as mainstream fare tends to disappoint in general as of late: it's somewhat offensive to see how Austin Powers 4 is a trending topic
I do agree. :) I'm see The Dictator tonight & then kids' sports all weekend.
funny.... #becauseitstrue i miss you sister!
THANKX For the follow ....Shots fly out to Ape Gang..
Great job for proposing ivy league community college online and in public space
Dear Santa, please bring me the contents of my local West Elm store for Christmas - or just a giftcard would be nice too! Not picky! JK :-)
Happy Golden Globes - good luck to all the nominees- really great work this year everyone!
no, im black
war on women is just stupid on so many levels..i mean..is suffrage still going on
I'm curious what's the breaking news? RT : At press breakfast with The Body Shop (@ Tribeca Grand Hotel)
I want another one of those Oreo sundaes it's hot AF too!!
Dan Quayle~ Public speaking is very easy.
Its always playing basketball
actually, the Disco Night on Friday commences at 8pm, not 7pm.
Not even funny how disgusting the bathroom is
so what r u doing these days?
Good thing I attacked myself with sunscreen!
going to pick up my little hubby from his senior banquet!
see all those days that ur not playin ball that no one sees or notices, those are for men. U kids will learn
love story???
Heh. No, I'm not. And that's what's scary. :-)
The usual! Hit me up one day bro, I miss you :D
Police say XMAS time "tis the season" for such shenanigans. Be safe, friends!
your welcome...how's your bday going do far?
She is awesome ": It's settled, white for the performance, peachy-pink for the after party. #sogirlyrightnow"
My thoughts exactly!
ugh indeed. Internet is now right up there with potable indoor water for me.
how long are you going to be in Miami ?/:
cats c: omg i drank 15 monsters today XD
Stop with condescending wonka tweets... Shits not cute.
Up & Open on this rainy Monday morning. Come OUT & get our Strawberry Kissed Mocha to warn you up. Savings continue w/ 50% OFF almost ALL!
69 for a high in Huntington Beach today...89 in Anaheim...10 miles inland.
the #smashbrothers shoot their 1st video for their single "Swag on a Billion tomorrow! Any #models interested holla at us!
oh gross. Emma got some weird virus wi/ fever lasting 14 days. Then 5 days later got strep. Finally well. Your kids better?
At the end of the first half Denver leads 37-29 over DU's Stafford leads all scorers with 17 pts
Already I can tell this day is going to test my patience. It's starting to feel like a total waste of makeup.
RT : Next Tuesday's 6:30pm run will be featuring ultra-trail runner Krissy Moehl and a Patagonia trail...
I Love Sports Man ! I Ain't Even Gotta Get Paid For It But When I Do Imma Get My Family And Put Em On Top Wit Me !
Absolutely..busy is the way to be!
lol what did that island rat do now? lol
#ThankYouBreAnna -- BreAnna is a 16yr old girl who is taking care of a single pregnant belieber/simpsonizer named Emily <3
great to hear. I'm good. Hanging with my wife and kids
Pre-gaming Thanksgiving with a huge box of brownies. I love #nau care packages.
Clayton endorsing artist here come follow me now on Twitter. New available on Amazon, cdbaby, iTunes etc..
Damn Mick Hucknall Simply Red singing STAY WITH ME with the FACES on R&R HOF show - Rocks
#MyFavoriteTravisPorterSong feet ball
she loves you too
It might have to be more like breakfast - busy day in Titletown.
I saw a woman wearing a sweat shirt with "Guess" on it...so I said "Implants?"
Please visit the Dream Farm. www.DreamFarm.US
No more physics tests yayayayayaya
I have only 2 e-mails to respond to in my Gmail account. I have no idea how that happened, and it amazes me.
And mashed potatoes...meaning I'm cooking, listening to MJ and, the food tastes good...Not that I literally put my foot in the food.
Pitbull, Prince and Enrique concert should be worth it. Except no clue who Prince is :( he sings good though.
#seriously these are some of the dumbest assignments, in the world.
ugh, twitter is gonna get shot
I tOld u that u would! Now put the petal to the metal
who wants a s/o in my 100th tweet? #kindofembarrassing I only have 96 tweets...
If holiday indulgences are getting the best of you, ramp up your cardio by trying a spin class, cardio kickboxing or dance class.
Crazy old man on bus makes praying sign and bows to Asian girl getting off bus #isitracist?
hey gal! i just drove~ ah! it was amazing! ill be back on TC in about an hr or 2.
Can't find my favorite cereal on store shelves anywhere! #grapenutflakes where have u gone?
Thank you for the awesome headshot. You gave me a ton of options to choose from and they all turned out lovely. You rock!
what a dilemma #hashtag “: #I #love #to #hashtag”
You're welcome
If you're out of bed already, we clearly have a different type of blankets.
Liam! Do you love ur spokane wa fans??
What the fuck.....
packing up and heading to #oklahomacity for 's birthday extrrrrrrrrravagaaaaaaaaaanza!
point taken here comes more country
We've got an office that just opened up; perfect for a startup or small team. Interested? DM us to come by and check it out
If they slip let em ain't no point in catching, what can't stay up.
Nope--trying to stick with airplane mode & wi-fi only. Seeing the lack of Internet access, that may have been a mistake.
Old is gold my friend, old is gold
Yea im back it
#ICantStandWhen your takin a test and you nose starts to wheeze and ya can't get it to stop
You havnt' asked me what I hate. I assure you I dont' hate people. I am commanded to love my neigbor as myself
START YOUR WEEKEND EARLY | HAPPY HOUR AT 3PM |
I can't stop smiling!
Very nice! I'm actually checking out the 09 Foret for starters.
RT : *singing* my bo <3 (u will always be my bo)
what time is registration at?
Sleepy x^s 3
When I use the phrase "That's the plan" it's partly b/c of love of improv, and partly because I don't want to die a liar
Bloodbath - Like Fire #nowplaying 'Cause that's how I roll.
The superior person uses his mind like a mirror: it accepts all, it reflects all. It recieves, but it does not keep. Chuang Tzu
Great rehearsal tonight. Time to get some sleep, 'cause tomorrow we hit the road...
call me whenever!
Let's go
Today is the last day to get your groupon
And now for something completely different...
Thanks for the RT's!
Worst news ever!
It's back! sponsors Juice 2 at Bossa Nova, June 3rd. Starts at 5:30...see you there!
there seriously has to be an easier way to pack and get the hell outta here!
"Whip out your titties or scram."
I clearly ignored that...
<U+266C>New Music Coming May 29th from Follow today!<U+266C>
#mlanet12 Whoo hoo got all of my stuff in Google Calendar! Doh! poster #'s did not come over in import. Sigh...that is for tomorrow
trio playing on @ Pete Miller's in Evanston tonight!
Guys! is in Twitter Jail!
his past (or present) girl DVR'd it?! Lol
yeah where are you!!!
Pinterest provides inspiration
Of course. It was a simple oversight on my part.
we need to grab a beer soon!
#GradeSim iPhone app for students - Great Grade simulator and GPA tracker. Check it out on the iTunes store. t.co/ZJNUfBfp
Jesus Christ! Wait.
Thanks Aakash, for setting u0p a great meeting!
on TV or IRL?
Not sure how I'm feeling about #lesnar back in yet.Said some pretty cold things before, but whatever's good for business I guess?
in Milwaukee Wisconsin. Tell Caine hello from the Midwest.
love the song RED BOTTOMS by iits amazing :-)
When a relationship fails, it’s both their fault. One for giving up and walking away. The other for not stopping them.
federal employees make ~26% less than private sector employees, but Romney wants them to get a paycut or a pink slip: //huff.to/rVXMWp
That same follower is my mane though can't blame her for wanting to listen to the word
awww the good ol' days of clubbing!!
wish I was there so I could go! that is right up my alley.
Watch: Kelsey Grammar Gets Tattoo
Alot of rappers have adopted the "whatever we gotta do" mentality and forgot about making dope records in the process.
#FF super awesome people!
Just 2 days till single women decend upon the Nation's Capitol for 2 hours to be inspired & empowered
Don't be cutting your hair too short, though! Girls want something to pull on -wink wink-
What was your favorite book #AsaKid? Mine was 'The Lorax' by Dr. Seuss.
I did get your DM but it won't let me reply without you following me.
speaking of goth - thursday night goth nite at fez (316 sw 11th ave) is a LOT of fun!
Still true for religious, gender, education 'slavery'.
Happy Easter!
Our Facebook page is Ohio Animal Companion! Like us!
Do you have a hard cock for me? I need it badly
any chicago based drupal designer/devs looking for a small project?
Well Leake's would be the right angle, he was throwing on a straight line. Latos was across the warning track more.
Heading to the Pratt Street Ale House with ASME Baltimore for a tour of the brewery.
Games are still on tonight ..I will update everyone if that changes
I'm just as pale as you - I feel as though we have already bonded.
Bored :( Can't wait for to come over .(:
David Stern - the GOP of the NBA.
hey -- chris is trying to edit your pkg, but he cant find your track. Can you call the desk? 858-573-6500 THX
i love my boyfriend !
THANK YOU TO EVERYONE WHO FOLLOWS ME!! I'M ON FOLLOW LIMIT! :( I'LL FOLLOW EVERYONE BACK WHEN I CAN!!<333333
nick is hot .... just saying hes bangable =]
New topic - Fish-Eye Athletics (Antwerp 10Miles PHOTOS)
if you could RT the last message, that would be awesome. We're trying to raise awareness and help as much as we can. Thx!
Thanks! Hope you have a good holiday as well!
My ExactTarget blog from 2010 ranked 7th for the year!
just dont want to- too much to do and sleeping is a waste of time!
I don't like when people have a perfect smile but they never smile in pictures , I wish I didn't have braces :B
Rep. Weiner resigning...can we please stop talking about it now?
We're preparing for a themed bridal shoot this weekend. Spring picnic for two, anyone?
Check in with me in July :) May need a pep-talk!
I have to admit I love those two… especially the first
Skydiving with in a bit.
looks forwarding to delivering a talk at the Morgan State University History Day on April 18.
:)) thanks they are nice I can't hear a single girl on the bus
Just 23 days till we depart for Manchester, TN. Getting super stoked for !
Shakespeare said it best... !!!!
'Every winner has scars.' -Herbert N. Casson
Feel free to take it for yourself! I don't like it.
Getting into a fight with someone you actually cared about.
When I swerve for like 2 seconds people must think I'm drunk <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
The perfect boyfriend doesn<U+FFFD>t drink, smoke, cheat or exist ... -unknown
#tcamp12 was great! Thanks for all your great work and would love to collaborate together on future projects with
- Always thought this true...
Thank you, thank you!
Feeling creative... I just finished some lyrics for a new song but now I must get some sleep because tomorrow is going to be a long day...
A Portland police officer is behind bars. He's facing sex-related charges. Details at 10&11.
RT : We've got 5 authors speaking at this week! Congrats
That Beatles track(HeyJude)that put up is the perfect way for me to start the day.
is this real enough for you?!?!
Rumors? impressive bitch. at least you're spreading something other then your legs.
good luck! you can do it!
Tyler Geving Portland State coach on Final Four tonight at 6:40 on NWSPORTS tonight.
“ #NP sooner than later - drake”
we can work with whatever time you have available, everyone in the organization would love to hear you speak
and also has really bad allergies, evidently. Those watery eyes...
Love to talk to you at some point! You guys with the Iowa crew? Who should I look for?
Romeo, save me, I've been feelin' so alone...
Nope. Ill be turning it off & putting it up by 9:45. :/
no worries! I think it's something w/ the iPhone. I've accidentally unfollowed folks & didn't realize it. Thx 4 following!
Who is hacking my twitter....
Make sure 2 catch us live 2morro @ auraria campus 4 the Cinco De Mayo celebration w a special guest whos name starts wit R comin w us
Just presented a lock of Douglass's hair yesterday to a group- didn't touch it though- not for me!
whts up?? -anna
I know u !!lol
There are particular times this is so true... RT The twitter trending topics make me lose all hope for humanity.
been chillin on my way to work
Contains refined shea butter, aloe vera gel, virgin coconut oil, rosemary oil extract, rose geranium essential oil, and fragrance.
We are shaped and fashioned by what we love.
Rivera has torn ACL. I never thought something like this would happen to him. I thought he was inhuman. Get well.
2nd saying guys won't like anything that a girl might do. Not all will like it, and maybe not most.
He and the best man and maid of honor were up late making dolmathes. THEN he baked the cake. He was up almost all night.
Yes! Feel free to continue to send me any photos of Joe Namath that you run across.
hot summer days are almost done. wanna cum celebrate the heat by getting sultry and sexy with me? cum on over and work up a sweat with me!
OpenOffice to the rescue! MT just attained MS Word..to fight autocomplete u have to do this retrospective stealth operation
You were born with wings. Why prefer to crawl through life? ~ Rumi
Super didn't realize rosslyn station was closed. Cabbing it to the retreat.
Police lining up around edge of Vietnam Vets, speaker says "know that this decision is your own"
Miss y'all.
If you come to #Carmel. I am not going anywhere near that racetrack unless I have VIP parking and access. LOL
Rolling blackouts hittin the office today, I guess its just a foreshadowing of my weekend ahead in #ATX and our inevitable
let's be honest, those dollar signs influenced his decision
Madison eats agenda: UW Alumni Weekend, Ultimate Ice Cream Social, Flavors of ... - Isthmus
Thanks Jon! I needed this quote today!
Thought for Today: "A nation is a society united by a delusion about its ancestry and by a common hatred of its neighbours." -
": I just don't feel like doing any work right now <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>"just take off ill cover your shiff...lol
Hey Seattle, paper or plastic?
I wish people would not use the word "deliver" when talking about education. Is it just me?
I like your tweets, How about a follow!
Psyched for launch of Slant of Light by , which joins The Samaritan by & Dancing with Gravity by
Also, I'm going to be going to NJ (a two hour drive from my house) this weekend and I am debating what projects to bring.
The Suns rock go Suns
I'll fix the palaver redirect. I'm not sure why it stopped working.
going well, gonna have a mixtape coming out soon with another youtuber
I really dont wanna do anything tomorrow not even go to school lol
“ The next two episodes look crazy!!! #Revenge :O”
You can manage multiple sites under one master account. Each site has its own billing, emails, plans, customization, etc.
Writing educational curriculums - what a world it is, where I can do anything I want.
In case you're wondering what former rock stars do for work, they become SAT tutors. #YesHighSchoolKids #ItIsTrue cc:
Attention World: I am wearing a skirt. That is all.
In the song I guess it symbolizes achieving the impossible. Great question.
Does the league have lawyers for that or do they just consult a spreadsheet? "Purple nurple, row 17. See column 4 for fine..."
Google+ is not used enough for G to figure out how to use it for SERPS. That will soon change.
Another great DRC. I've got a lot to think about--the mark of a good meeting. Well done everyone.
Currently listening to new Nujabes.
#TeamNoSleep or #TeamInsomniac Whatever you call it, I'm making my dreams come true while you keep dreaming. Studio time.
Back at the hotel now. The SDCC OSM exclusives are totally sold out. www.theouterspacemen.com will have them for sale on Sunday night!
Hrmm... That's a thought. I like it. I need to figure out where that place is.
Jerzday.....My guilty pleasure!
When do you prefer to exercise: Morning (before work), early evening (right after work) or late night?
Team Paul! On a non-political note, I can't wait for tonight's #topchef episode featuring
better be seeing you soon! Have a safe flight if you haven't left yet.
First snow
Yeah :) What's up?
Good Morning <3
Thank you for the confidence in my abilities earlier today. I just broke through the problem and it feels super good
<3 new songs will be coming very soon!
These fools im sittin by keep sayin Bernie Mack played Big Worm....he was in Friday, but hes the fake preacher not the icecream man
Dear Twitter, any tips on shaking second-language-speaking skills out of hibernation?
seriously!! i have at least 3.
Surprised to see Ed Lynch here tonight! Mostly running the higher-paying shows again like last year.
sounds good to me
Action may not always bring happiness, but there is no happiness without action. - Benjamin Disraeli
It'd be funny if other singers yelled out their record label like Lil Wayne. Like if Adele was just like "Rolling in the deep, Columbia!"
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 50
All about The Benjamins >>>>
1.COLTS-LUCK...2.REDSKINS-RG3...6. RAMS-BLACKMON(PLEASE) YES I'M A RAM FAN!!
At the table with and and ready to tear up some moms day brizunch!
Break a leg at the #TwSIG tomorrow! RT you know how they say that screwing up the dress rehearsal means you'll have a good show?
The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather a lack in will.
48 hours in #Venice, Italy in April: #conservators, what should I be sure to see from a #preservation or #museum standpoint?
i'm on a mission. but idk where to start.
ima pretend like you're not, where we watching the fight?!!
#TeenMom2 can't wait till next week
Double header...
If you see it dont spoil anything! Hahaha. I don't wanna know until next week, but if its good at least tell me that lol
MIKEY and RAY appeared in WWE Raw a few minutes ago
RT : Nestle CEO: "The more local your supply chain, the more stable for your business" I like this.
I have a new pre-recorded phone line on Niteflirt for all of you little cash pets! :)
Hi Jerae, I'm still going there after the dinner here at Silverado Resort :-) : We missed at Hope she's ok!!!"
morning(; How are you?? <U+2764><U+2764>
#green tea to gangrene: #HealthyMatters Sunday at 7:30 am call 651.989.9226 or text 81807 with your health questions!
has had a cat issue, a plumbing issue, a washing machine issue, and the freezing cold house indicates a potential furnace issue. What next?
how are ya
Chris Davis says "not a shot" when I asked him if he available to pitch tonight for
But see, it wasn't that simple... I can't explain it, but it became very complicated very quickly. ;-)
"Through all the hard times in my life those nights kept me alive."
24 hour fitness downtown Sac! Monday nights with Quirina are the best!!!!!
mandated overtime!!! Hahaha
Hey bestfriend, you need to text me(:
very cute hairstyle! I might be rocking the same next week.
Turns out Stu isn't such a fan of small children. I might have to be a cat lady after all...
Cool! Did you get to hear him when he was in Chicago a few weeks ago?
you're so loquaciously verbose :-)
ya, thanks for saying bye.
I love Rudy's! Especially Jimmy!
My car currently will not park itself
heres a ??. if Pats lose. how big is their window for another title?
Maybe if I were skinnier. Maybe if I were prettier. Maybe if I didn't wear glasses. Maybe if I had longer hair.
I recommend the Delafield Hotel as an awesome, first class location for an event. Nancy there does a fabulous job.
Okayy , Rice with curry chicken. And coca-cola !
Three Doors Down, "Let Me Be Myself"...goes out to Chicago!
Don't be afraid. It's not magic, it's #salesforce!
Bristol Palin is as relevant as fanny packs.
Thinking of starting a boy band...
Off to catch the early train to NYC, should be a great and productive day!
says "That's it! I quit! I'm movin' on" - at least until tomorrow.
well now I'm really mad I can't be there. What keg did you score? I'm done at 6pm...where's the afterparty lol
Rep. Jauch: "This was a budget with misplaced priorities and misguided decisions."
I can see in his eyes that this love is real <U+E106>
Wednesday, around noon? I'm bringing my best friend Hanna.
: I remember when i was your 40th follower!
lml : laughing mad loud
Yoga has improved my paralegal practice immensely.
Celeb sighting leaving #arlis2012 Peter Bogdonavich in interminable customs line @ Toronto airport
Tonight is the biggest bar night of the year! Perfect reason to DL the #Bartab #app and save some money while getting your drink on tonight!
thanks! Took 6 of us to finish it. Now: sugar coma.
loving life. feeling good
tweet at me hoester. tis urgent!
it's going great! Working hard and writing lots of new songs! It's exciting :) I love it!
RT : I cannot eat just one donut...they are dangerous and addicting goodies :)
11:23 2nd half. VCU 56 George Mason 44. Mason keeps creeping closer. Second half may take a while. Lots of fouls called.
i know you do:)
look bro, get a trademark on your picture. Simple solution. And try being nice to other people. It works.
did you see Dianna & Naya fuckin flawless as ever!!!!!!!!
great bill!!!
My type of game up and down Spurs and Clippers Game 1 >>>>>>>>>>>Clippers
sometimes we say things we don't mean. sometimes we hurt each other. but no matter what i will always love you...
Oh yeah, from an actual coconut is okay, but anything in a market is just uncivilized.
Happy Opening Day!!
well ya, I have. Not a fan of the Simone.
Happy Independence Day, South Sudan! July 9, 2011 We are praying for you.
Gotta keep um straight - ya know? RT : out here giving advice to the youngins
I've been thinking a lot about this lately. As in, do I want to be watched?
RT : The book does look good. Reviews have been excellent. There's a film too, isn't there?
text me back!
wat if im out of town ?? D:
Good stuff at #glamwiki today. Excited about the potential of the project and the great people involved.
welcome new followers
can you please follow me im a big fan ! :D
": Going home today, gotta start this homework" knock it out!! Hard work pays off
SCOOT OUT, SON.
is the girl for that.
Wow. The Quicken Loans commercials keep getting more painful with each new one.
Badweiser. That's all I got.
Sal, you're supposed to be in my corner!
Burn. And hilariously done. RT : Eating a butterfingers RT : Where is Jermichael Finley?
hell yea how he walks out everytime "where u going?, take a seat!"
I feel like slapping this kid.
SO glad tomorrow is Friday. Hopefully I get to see my babe.
THANK YOU!!! would you be willing to pay $150/month for this amazing pool and gym? i need help with that part :(
you big fanny haha lovin the shirt. Just came out for a few beers in old town. Wow it's hot out 100 out.
Back from the holidays and open for business--215.790.3836x1
The rain has started !
thx! I added another 2 cents to the debate. great stuff all around, and again testament to how stellar Open Democracy is.
I am thinking about getting a 1998 Fiat Multipla for a new car!
Good Clean Puddy Cat>>>>>>
The Helen Hayes Award for Outstanding Dir in a Resident Play goes to Aaron Posner for CYRANO,
Haha, glad we could make your sons happy. Thanks for the shout out.
bring me one too!!
So my Birthday is a week from today! And i still have no plans!
"Warn them the next info is incorrect." - Shawn Lawrence Otto
exactly! I'm totally over the disease now. no more talking-points... just actual facts and real policy research from now on.
Same! #lovinit RT: : First bare leg day of the season!
ZINK Magazine will now feature my photography in MAY issue instead of March issue. Stay tuned! Can't wait to share it with everyone!
Words are words ...
S. Jobs was a cool guy
sorry I sent an unfinished text and couldn't reply to yours. My phone is all frozen and jacked up
yeah :( losing game 2 sucketh in a biggest way
Haha, no. More like online dating service eharmony:)
It is not so much what is poured into the student, but what is planted that really counts. ~
I'd love more info! We have issues with both my 5-yr-old & 3-yr-old. They put the "P" in "Parenting"!!!
if u havent already followed u need to :) GROWN AND SEXY only <3
Slow down your 'thinking rate'. We think at 500 words a minute and talk at 150..That is why our minds wander. Stay focused
I CANT WAIT FOR #BELIEVE!!! :) IM SO PROUD OF HOW FAR YOU HAVE GOTTEN. #ProudBelieber <33 Follow me...#NeverSayNever Right? (;
lol you couldn't even tell they was fake.
When is the next tour. I'm strangely addicted
Homer Simpson would be appalled! Where is Lionel Hutz when you need him!?
is moving schtuff around the house before work.
Hai to you too! I've been reading more and tweeting less. Considering a switch to LT but don't want to lose my GR peeps...
thanks for the link to the nasal strips. I use those to help me sleep.
Oh if only I could remember the wages of my escapades, at a more prudent time than later on that day.
I KNOW !! I pre ordered i can't wait to get it ! & it leaked online so u can already hear it !
you guys crack me up. It has a pee valve. Not sure if I'll use it all the time or not.
- Let's see some Visit Milwaukee banners or signs in the parade!
I like using two people for time estimates. One is the estimator. One is the dedicated reality checker and number padder.
When people say "you can't do this/ or that" it just pushes me into getting it done quicker, and 110% better then the next person.
omg im such a nerd i cant wait for the tablet....im dying!
I love hanging out with my 3yo but some days I just want to poop alone
Gonna skype with my aussie best friend :)
Laptop bag strap broke, Layla's laptop screen broke, assigned a project with an impossible deadline and cellphone stolen. Must be Monday :-(
sweet gallows, bro!
I completely agree. It's just all wrong for a classic love singer. I'm not sure what crowd he's trying to impress.
is gearing up for a busy week of digital history, staff planning, and more!
At the Dentist -_-
If anyone knows anyone at Square well, I would love an introduction. Guess Middleworks is taking in more money than they can handle!
I would love to write THAT story! #yourlinestarts?
LET'S GO CLIPPERS!!! LETS GO CLIPPERS!!! LETS GO CLIPPERS!!! #RiseUp #jonnytee "Friday Night" June 5th King of BBW Night Clubs
i got you, if i can get a love letter too ;)
People will hate you, rate you, shake you, and break you. How strong you stand is what MAKES you.
Watching 'Think Like a man' you are so cute !!!!!!!
eeew then it got bloody -- awesome fight though
Even better TV would be having cameras around when u tell Miss Hazel ur not going to let her spend $$ on ur Granddaughter!
The awesome thrash spanish is called molotov if anyone's interested.
did you have fun beating up rake yohn in haggard?
This weekend: sold my boat, traded in my grand cherokee, picked up a new wrangler unlimited, saw my family. #Epic #Business!
i freaking miss you alot
Loyal Supporters vs. Imaginary Supporters. -
Heaven help me I just agreed to do debate next year.
You never know how strong you are- until being strong is the only choice you have
Why can't I be tan.
Little help, please? RT : could you tell me a good freshwater fishing spot in broward I don't have a boat though
Tune in! Jo Koy on 97.9fm Hilarious stuff! RT : West Palm Beach, FL: I am up early and about to be on
Thanks to all who braved the weather on Saturday night to converse with Courtney Smith and to celebrate our newest exhibitions on view!
Haha, that was funny
"Poetry is the deification of reality."-Edith Sitwell
I'm sorry to everyone that keeps getting weird shit from me. It IS NOT ME. Ik what the hell is going on.
'Have you got pet insurance!?" "No why?" "Because im gonna hammer your pussy".
Closing the encore with "I Got Mine" These guys owned it
i was just able to open the pix...what a great one! May we add it to our website?
Thanks for follow. REALTOR looking for good contractor in the Hemet area & a custom home builder in Valley Center, California.
Yes he knows that UK is thin at DT, in weight at that spot his mother is from Kentucky, he just wants a shot! He loves the SEC
#thoughtsofjimnazos no shit we,re gonna
Even after a long day I had to DIG DEEPER!
Onstage surprise! Nice to see you, friend! Come find me later?
shut up!!!!!!!! I was playing draw something with u the other day!!!
U r one lucky woman!
“: hope ya'll are having fun in SD!!” def am.. Laying on the beach in La jolla...
Nice seeing both and at #Coyotes - #Kings last night. Holy Jumpin'!
Just watched The Orphan...that was one chilling performance by Isabelle Fuhrman... Now its nap time :)
is speaking on boosting your online brand w/ today. My pocket watch says he is speaking right now!
I found my neww twitter bestiee!!!!:))
With 1 in 3 kids bullied daily, you could say bullying is an epidemic. School programs can work if begun early.
Heck yes! What about you!?!
I started talking and then my mom interrupted me and my little sister looks at me and says "yeah maryclaire no one cares.." love her
I'm on the other campus in the library.
Liz We love your articles. Hope you'd tell us what your thoughts are on Patients Rating Hospitals! Works for every other consumer.
You should ask author/filmmaker about *his* computer set-up at Starbucks--!
Track meet <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in getting up every time we do ~Confucius
It's 90+ degrees outside. That's too much for right now. That needs to come back around early June when I don't have school or homework.
#FF Muhl are interesting, funny and pleasure to follow.
ADD VALUE: All great professionals. Thanks for the shout out!
Give us the booty juice! We want the booty juice! -rugrats
If I was 6'10 and has a 37.5 inch vertical I'd be dunking all over everyone too. But I ain't calling any names #BlakeGriffin. Lol.
Then the Lord said to me, "Go and love your wife again, even though she commits adultery with another lover...Hosea 3:1
just started using this app too! It's awesome
How is your League season going?
SICK :( feeling miserable here
Have you tried those dark choc drinks yet?
our residency at continues TONIGHT with We're on at 10pm
Any chance of adding something like circles? Want easily organize my tweeps into different categories. Lists suck.
#NSMN panel: can #NFL superstars bringing antitrust suits get public and fan sympathy?
Treat me like a king, Love me like your hubby, Fuck me like a whore.
Can we trade KRod to Cleveland for LaPorta and Brantley?
Trailer is out, 2nd cut almost done on "Come Morning". Festival ready pretty soon. Yippee us. After all the pain, seeing it will be good.
thanks and welcome to my TL
Without music life would have no meaning.
Thanks for the love. Hope you enjoyed the episode!
Idk kno where I'm at..I'm outta there
an actual goat?
Thats what she said
From there to here, from here to there, funny things are everywhere! ~Dr. Seuss
Salt Lick is always a good way to end
I don't need you pointin out shit! I got a set of parents...ion need another!
wink back @ you
Anything in the world >> Craig Sager's suits >> Craig Sager.
Send an email to She will give you all the details.
I was in the 212
Thanks for tuning in, Beethovenfest!
bucket list: get you to follow a bitch
As if I didn't have enough of a reason to hate the state of Kansas...
Buy it
Walking to the gym is a little over half the fun.
Sporting a SONS OF ANARCHY t-shirt with pressed Wranglers is just a bit confusing.
haha don't hate!!!
Did not surprise me at all when I heard you were one of the best performers! Good job Erin, Im happy for you!!! :)
Pop a molly, smoke a blunt, that means im a high roller.
yes yes Goddess
Not sure what the issue was with my laptop, but my web page for class is working fine. Now to worry about Thursday's quiz!
RT Every night before I go to sleep I check under my bed for Herman Cain.
Morning everyone
Ha ha. Very soon :-)
"PROS and CONS:A Fantasy Football Movie" www.imdb.com/title/tt1626197/ Assistant Director Candice Irion, Associate Producer Scott Mollette
wishes that DC would die, pls don't kill MARC until u have stg better
Work it girl!
o I forgot abt that too
my arms are so sore from the shots i got in my arms today.
World just shrank by 1%. Sending Leapfrog Press galleys to .
Jeppa Joe is hanging out at Broadway and Kilbourn with @ tigetbitetruck@ THEHARDWOODCAFE and Mr.Wills wings...come down for some great food!
#sCUM fans have to be the MOST DUMBEST in sports! Reading a tweet that had LOL as lose ohio lose. last I checked, didn't you lose to OHIO?
RT : 's new tactic on the pay roll tax cut: Asking what $40 can buy. Interesting to watch the #40dollars feed
Imma need my mama to come back w the car though.
When did I suddenly enjoy snacking on prunes? Did I age to 70 years old overnight?
What to you think of this David?
Right on!
You are the Malone to my Stockton.
Smoking weed under star projectors,
"i cant sip from a bottle unless it's the top pour..otherwise i get a headache"
It's ironic how US #Catholic Bishops r upset re: contraception coverage when the majority of sexually active congregants use contraception.
can I get a copy mann
The most blissful thing about being veg is feeling good about what goes in my body. My love for the animals shows.
Amen to that my man. He is one of the best in my opinion.
Follow us on Twitter to get the latest news on how to treat your back and neck pain with the most minimally invasive answers.
6 costumer service reps & 2 hours of being on the phone, the situation was finally resolved. That is still a #fail for
you're so contradicting!
Ya can't stop me. I gotta do wut I gotta do. Unity peace and love to all of you
gerl whatevs. shouldn't you be studying for finals or something, mr. i needa be banned to study?! deathh
It was crazy! Block Parties r the best
RUSSY your taken ;)
#1DVEVO #ASKREPLY Im there biggest fan because they get me through my hard times.When I want to give up and break down their there 4me
Of course! Can't go wrong with a Frost quote. :)
Its gotta either be you or Spuds McKenzie. I gota be honest, it'd be pretty sweet if Spuds was coming.
I wasn't talking or anything
#Mccovey's Walnut Creek third packed, lame crowd, good service right now
very nice post. I love the second picture. It reminds me of the "old" (NH) days.
Haha hurt myself texting lol! Just my fucking luck today.
I see why Angry Birds are so popular, I can't stop playing it!
Loved getting breaky with this morning
Big game tonight against New Jersey. Whose Tuning in?
hell idk. Go under profile settings or something
jay u coming down for the Seattle game?
and Happy Valentine's Day to you & SUCH a cute couple!!
Yeah, my basic policy is if I have time, I flick A, Bb, B, and C. Even step-wise sometimes. D rarely, though.
What if really did follow me?:D #FOLLOWMEAUSTIN please merry Christmas too I love you!!!:)
So glad this night is over and I can go home and cuddle with my fav toddler. I'm exhausted. We not doing anything today.
nnnnooooooo that sucks
I love your youtube vids!!
I bought a dozen free range eggs but when I got home the carton was empty.
This just made my day!! Beach and fun to look forward to (and Game 7 win!), yay! Love to u & KMC!!
Faithful Ass Females >>>>>
have fun without me!
ah i cant wait!!! temple run 11 hours staright.? yeah i think so. :)
What is the name of the song tht goes oh here we are so close so far or something like that?
You said a mouthful there. Glad I'm not the only one with that problem. :)
ugh I was too... that game!
When helping job seekers, it's important not to waste energy duplicating services provided by other agencies or organizations.
Alpha Day at the Capitol in full swing!
I don't know if I can wait till summer for the next show. Irregardless ill be there.
kk and call me like now cuz i gotta tell you sumthin important!!!! :) k?
#ICanHonestlySay it's the start of an amazing week!
Going to the music store. Yaaaay
haha but obviously you were not any of the people being a fag about it!!!!
i'm not sure-but if so it is still forgiven since the Spy is so lovely. and dang that's lame u guys dont get it there
can't wait to see you at #tasteofdc !!
Gorgui is Spanish for awkward.
I shouldn't ask why..but why? I remember trying to show my daughter how to use them..we laughed so hard!
Not sure. I think that was looking, no?
That I can get behind wholeheartedly
Dear pillow. Why did you cast me under a spell of sleep for TWO HOURS?!
Sure thing! Check out crashingcars.bandcamp.com, we're coming out with an EP in mid-August. It will be posted there too!
Wow really?
listening to Rosalie from Thin Lizzy...m
I'm watching Words, Words, Words. When is the next Comedy Central special so I can hear Nerds and Helluva Ride with decent audio?
Good Morning! I did have a good weekend, got to see some family and spend time with the kiddos! How about you?
love the look of the redesigned website!
i hate school its so boring thank god half of my teacher let me do work with music ill do my work with music without ill just get distracted
The Dawgs take the floor vs. Oregon tonight at 6PM as the other tournament rolls on.
thanks for the RT. We have to let students know what's going on in this debate.
First rack of ribs.
It should be equally divine, if, you know, DRM & piracy could be considered divine. Anyways, your fave part about cover design??
I saw a group of skaters as I was coming out of wal-Mart, then realized it was my ex and his friends, omfg so awkward ('x
Lol. You need to hustle boo.
My brother and his friends are over and they're annoying right now -.-
Go Woody!
really sucker,make me put a hit out on u
I wish they wouldn't sabotage karaoke mics.... I sound EXACTLY like Christina Aguilara in the car- but when it comes time to perform-nothing
This stupid laptop would turn off on me the day I'm actually studying. FUCK MY LIFE
we've been doing live music for awhile:) every Thursday at 7 and usually Saturday or Sunday!
• Please. Tell me. Why it's abbreviated R. Please.
we are.
Thanks for the #FF last week!
This girl is the most sweetest person ever! Sorry lovee!
#Parenthood gets everything right abt parenthood.
new on the COCKTAIL menu: SPICE TRADE (served hot or cold) {Eldorado 5yr Rum, Batavia Arrack, Housemade Chai Tea, Tiki Bitters}
I like Richard Marshall of Carolina who is a player on the rise and a year younger than Washington
Playing tonight with Hot Club of Hulaville at Cafe Che Pasta tonight 6-8PM. Maybe some special guests sitting in. www.chepastacafe.com
Pretty cool stuff at #FMC. Wish I could actually be there instead of listening to the webcast. Next year?
OKAY CUZ I WAS FINNA TAKE OFF! U GOTTA SPEAK UP! LOL
they changed the start time to 3 this morning.
2 or more actions behind = his money in the pot stands? too easy to angle otherwise
I've been told by many people that I have a beautiful singing voice.
Gabriela ... it isn't riotous clamor
Waiting for a Lean Cuisine to cool down before eating it is the most anti-climactic form of anticipation ever.
Bike cops all over the ina thornydale area!
Believe me, that happens a lot. I've also found it common on the rare occasions that cold calls get through to me as an exec.
Sounds Awesome!:) hav fun tomorrow!:)
Grilling out at work- how awesome is that?!?
considering the place i have to be is like hell to me... -_____-
lol. Two words. Ryan Leaf. Luck or RGIII will head down that path. I hope it's luck for ur sake!
Does Omaha have a big homemade/diy fair/event that isnt lame, in a church basement and attracts a crowd under 65? should do this!
A bit overcast out today but still warm, join us at 4 when we open up our patio!
Any place to download older versions? Can't connect to non-SFTPs after 4.1.1 and want to see if it was the update.
Get outside if you can today. Sunny and close to 80 degrees = PERFECT, in my book!
Out of the arms of crazy, into the arms of crazier. I'm never going to learn.
What the hell is wrong with me? Why am I so tired?
I feel like I got hit by the #schmedia bus. Need a vacation! Did see latest Harry Potter last night, though. Stayed awake throughout!
I think it's just some small animal rustling around in the back yard
I hate people who put on fronts to fit in & wanna be bad but around they peoples they ain't shit!!
Wow I'm actually shocked about Poe. I trust RAC though. Just... Wow.
This is like a Wizards reunion: Caron, Gil, Nick Young, Randy Foye...
Your name must be Karma.. cause your a BITCH.
I want McDs
Me too. It is delicious. So there.
Mad props to #ComedyUnion for hosting #KimColes b-day celebration on 1-22-12. She's back!
Meet Glen Case from Kristoff Cigars at Signature Cigars DC store on Sat Oct 15th from 1pm to 5pm - box specials & more!
thanks buddy.
Would it vex you if I went to without you?
Looking forward to panel discussion with and biz today! Social Media Roadmap to Profit!
ik! :( I was too busy being "fake" I didn't realize I was loosing the corn
thank you for the mention!
Live Everyday like it's your Last. Can't stress that enough.
better than finding 20 dollars in your jacket pocket
She talking about a relationship time too go
Good luck to and the UC Women's Bearcats BBall today!
Welcome to the race Rob Halpin! As you know, Rahm can be nastier than a beaver with bedbugs in its beard!
what ever you feel most comfortable with.
Lawyers are predators in grey worsted.
Fcat day for today and tomorrow. I am ready for whatever today brings me.
well done, Duncan!
I was thinking if you need some chefs to cook in the kitchens of these houses (you know, for photographic reasons) I travel well
RT : yip, been down all day.
Target Field?
saved my sleepless/drunk tweets 4 manifest largely in me cuddling her & giggling. Good night & good morning
did you sweat it out lastnight? I'll go with you if you like it! XO
!!! RT : LA win this game so I can go to sleep!!!
I'm eating a Wawa sandwich. I can't really judge.
Diversity and Inclusion training today. Hope it doesn't hurt.
I get so pissed every mornin when my alarm goes off
Love "I can't drink, I can't go"!
It will cost $751,527,715 to run this City next year. That is about $2,000,000 a day. Well, it is a big City. [1945]
Stop brown nosing them,can u get any further up their arses!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Goody two shoes.
Dang it Brewers!!!
I absolutely love & adore you with all my heart & if you would follow me id be the happiest #boyarianator in the world <333
!!!!! RT : Yo Fabolous is one of the slickest punch line rappers.
You wanna protect marriage? Make it harder for people to divorce.
I don't know, we need to download a whole show and watch it and discuss it
No, Alex I can't hear anything. When he closed off the chatrm..SOunds like he's back...or trying
The Chicken Alfredo sounds awesome... and Smores for dessert? Can't beat that
Desperate need of a back massage.
haha, if only I had a cajon!
Will you please follow ? They're holding a concert for charity here in Cincinnati soon! (:
Kevin Martin with 25 points after going scoreless last night.
Looks like it's gonna be a multiple cups of coffee kinda day ;)
The site's back up, but our scheduled tweet has disappeared and I tried to post one now and it hasn't posted. Will they show up?
#schoolmemories...riding a trolley..riding on the back of beer wagons to earn dough and history was my favorite subject..
Congrats! What are you going to get?
Homer Bailey with 42 pitches in the first inning. Brewers up 2-0 after one.
God What Do I Do?
"When I get sad I stop being sad and be AWESOME instead... True story." B. Stinson ... Getting ready to head to Ft. Lauderdale!
I like hot sexy women
sorry I missed it... I was invited but couldn't make it due to appointment and drive.
- hopefully the hero is a Ranger, so I'll go with Young.
Thanks to for hosting & this morning in their beautiful auditorium.
Come On Kotsay!
Seattle is waiting :)
Over here feeling some kinda way ..
Hope everyone has a Safe and Happy Halloween!
How long are you in Portland for?
There's a reason for the end. It goes back to who the Cop represents. Thx for watching! We'll def sign up for the contest!
#ireallywant the money the money and the cars the cars and the clothes
Not even just NYR fans. Even Washington fans. Embarrassing that you wouldn't even back your own team.
looking forward to Phil Soran's keynote at cdrive day 3!
Just me fucking round let me know what yall think
Zombies everywhere
was a hack, Im 10 times the shooter he was guy was 2 busy hangin out wit the grateful dead 2 be a great player
“The best use of money as a motivator is to pay people enough to take the issue of money off the table.” -Daniel Pink, 'Drive'
the best photo of you out there.
It's a cautionary tale about what happens when you treat the NBA like it's an AAU tournament.
#thingsireallycantstand never tell a girl to calm down.
nice seeing you today
Wheaton and Doctor RT 24 days till Fall Camp kicks off-- ? Of the day--who do u expect to have huge breakout year?
#mpmf - Greg from Deerhoof will be a special guest with tonight at 9 PM Cincinnati Club Room!
Very kind of you to say and I'm really happy that you enjoyed it!
Happy Birthday to ! Hope it's great.
I eat honey-dew melon....
Great job by to fix an out of character tweet. Thanks again
u ask me that question everyday lol...soon hopefully
Who Should the Indianapolis Colts Take in the Second Round of the 2012 NFL Draft?: Fan Opinion
#SustUnbound Jefferson observed that once an idea is released, it is impossible to "possess"
So tired. Kept falling back asleep. I have a test and a quiz :( Atleast I get to see my friends... :)
Stupid bitch! Do your fucking job instead of just flirting
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter the first Top Trend was something to do with Justin Bieber. That hasn't changed much.
So Stanford might not fade as quickly as we'd like. Now with Murphy and Shittu, the haul of linemen Stanford brought in is out of control.
The weather looks good so far - performance on!
City of Promise reception at Venable- nice showing of folks.
please tell us more. I would have love to be part of it. Can you send a link?
"Projected Markets"- Beyond government or comm sats, where are the markets that justify investment in new space companies?
ya u betta call him sir matt
": exactly if Cueto didn't get a vote last year with 150+ innings, Strasburg shouldn't get one"
You've loaded it all with great, common sense advice
Why do hotel rooms always get so hot when you're trying to get ready
Absolutely. It adds value to the mtg and allows us to make the most of resources (meeting space, food & bev, etc.)
Using ecards & draw something to keep up w/ friends . . . eventually I'll need some face time & no I don't mean the app.
Librarians understand the value of archives, right? So why is it that we don't do a good job of recording our own history? Just wondering...
Rosetta Stone acquired. Let the learning begin!
must be one, since I can't see why the noun "plow" would be used today!
": #Brewers Ryan Braun loves goin back to Cali." No-no-no notorious!
Thunder park tomorrow #YEE (:
and peanut
You can officially start drinking now. Being Cinco De Mayo and all.
HOME. SWEET. HOME.
Who is at the #box party in #NYC? A few key players here.
A2 Also, and I know I may be in the minority, but FTL is *essential.* If it can't make the Kessel Run 12 parsecs, it's not a buy.
Regular season, yes. Playoffs start next week!!
Stories that help us cope w/grief are so rare and vital. Thx to and for , now on #Netflix. Lovely & smart!
FOOD FOR THOUGHT: "Forgiveness releases your heart and mind from the stranglehold of anger, hurt, and other toxic emotions."
Can not wait to see you guys in New Mexico!! LOVE the show!!!
They respond so u can respond so they can respond =
climbing wall in Los Angeles.... Any suggestions on a good one, preferably with plenty of bouldering..!!! Thanks all
LOVE IT RT : You are the future. Expect to see you on #TEDMED stage RT : Fantastic seeing
what r they digging?
#west #west #west #west #west!!!
On behalf of the Newark Police Department, Crime Stoppers would like to wish everyone a safe & happy Thanksgiving. Enjoy!!
Follow for some GREAT quotes .(:
“: Do you know what is 10% ABV, comes in a cool glass & tastes great going down the hatch?" #HOPSLAM! Can we keep the glass?
Like every other night g smh RT : Dreams of losing my teeth...shit be WILD
The poems flowed perfectly yo.
Why should you hire a General Contractor? Visit www.blackforestremodelandtile.blogspot.com - Additional Services and learn more Jan specials
RT if you have ever been bullied, any type! Make sure you're following then check your DMs<3
Rise and grind Monday morning! Let's make something happen today, folks!
Practice makes perfect
I know and aw :D
Thanks followed back!
lol, exactly what my first thought was as well! :).
weird ass dream!
Its snowing at LHG HQ! Is it snowing anywhere else?
Calling Miller Park "the keg" is quickly climbing my list of pet peeves.
if the environment's uncomfortable for you, it's uncomfortable (& poten. harmful) for your books; direct sunlight bad...
Can I refer you after I start at Facebook? ;-)
Have greaat day (:
gonna get in my time machine. by time machine i mean hot tub
The saltiest soup of them all is ramen.
hate dat i missed his bday n party... but i kant wait for hym to give me all my phat boi hugs n luv lolz i miss yu
You are loyal JT. Raiders will win but the problem is the Broncos will too.
Can't wait any longer for the pumpkin spice late to be in season!
Someone killed Don Cornelius
Good foul. Henson.
Watching Piers Morgan. Does anyone else think Lionel Richie just gets better with age?
When I was little I dropped a piece of garbage down our air vent. We found it after 10 years....
Very welcome! RT : tks for a great time last night in some awesome seats at the game!
no preso yesterday, just freestyled on existing data :-) But lots of awesome mobile+social data coming soon.
#RandomFact: The human brain has the capacity to store everything that you experience.
2 Peter 1:11 For so an entrance shall be ministered unto you abundantly into the everlasting kingdom of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ.
OMG just got back from hawaii SO jet lagged
I'm sure there are horse trainers as tough as Torentello (sp)
Dont listen to the world, they say we're never gonna make it. -
What a great day!
We will never know all of #God. Always #seek another side of Him! He has plenty to show you!
Yeah, quite a rain-fall in the am. certainly gonna be some flooding in some places in the area.
mi amorrrrrrrrr!!! im coming home this summer!! i miss you
Want to connect with other women and inspire futures? Join the Apply for 2012-13!
Not really what that post is about, but it's a good line.
I just imagine smelly feet.
Good to know! Thanks and have a great weekend. I am over at SOVA coffee shop on H Street quite a bit- join me!
“ I lightweight did too much tonite now a mf gone be sprung”
i was only kidding about ernest.. I was watching #gardenstate it was so bad it was scary
Stand your ground or they will tear you down
Up early to take my first exam #finals :/
guess how old loll
It was a dark and stormy night...and we here at HIBF would like to remind you that the fest will happen rain or shine! Bring an umbrella!
If something isn't done, every single department manager will have quit before Christmas. CLEARLY THERE'S A PROBLEM HERE, PEOPLE
Yes, let's do that!
are heroes a! Thanks for covering my jeep!
Cracked my iPhone. FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
Basic Income for every human being? Do we really believe that we are living in the time that will put an end to extreme poverty?
Huntsman: Election season prevents moving forward on US-China relationship
How High, Pineapple Express, and Friday are the dopest movies for stoners.
haha nice fix
that got to out of hand I'm sorry
Were this a movie, I'd swear the snow is dramatic foreshadowing for a shitty semester.
Who out there can tell me what kind of tax the U.S. Supreme Court has ruled that the income tax is - direct or indirect?
You need a bold face, to go with your bold outfit. How ya doin.
I'm just so disrespectful. #OhWell who really cares though?
relocation? You haven't even met everyone at -this-location yet!
This bill signing is going to be like Thanksgiving dinner, tense and awkward. Except no one will be drunk -- maybe.
Best part about this conference - there's always something nearby to cure a sore throat.
Do you exist?
Loyalty is all i know.
you look so pretty with your amazingly beautiful hair, it makes me want to grow up and be you.
At the conference in NOLA and getting ready for their unplugged event w & Better Than Ezra. Waxing nostalgic abt high school
I love getting my nails done, but hate how long it takes.
are parallel dips something special or just regular dips?
Smokin some of that x-mas tree with tha boys hit me up
Hate crapping in a public restroom!
All the bugs need to die.
when I hold you I hold it all: )
GREAT ? RT How is it that possessing Christlike love has never been considered the central test of orthodoxy?- Greg Boyd
thanks!! Merry Christmas to You to! Thanks For everything :)
made a solid start on some awesome recordings with a great guy yesterday~thanks austin
brb growing toe-nails a second.
how are things on the right coast? How's the family?
21 years riding the NYC subway lines.
78 days left of school. May 17th.
why thank you :)
I can't believe it's already senior day at WSU, this season has gone by so fast!
RMFT! ": Why are all the baseball players at the other schools sexy and amazing ball players, while ours suck?"
So great meeting Owners & Managers at , , , and #Cuvee yesterday, everyone should follow them!
chick fil a u coming here anytime soon?
Haha, when we said our stuff is a "total steal", we didn't mean literally!!!
Even though my phone hasn't had service, today I bought a yoga mat, vitamins, and a book. Still pretty good and productive :)
#hth2012 Poheler had great talk, doing interpretation will data collection. nice way of tying documentation practices with interpretive goal
Wait…the same Klein that used money, earmarked to reduce class size, to increase number of charters?
Glad you like it! RT : My new favorite sandwich: The General Get into it.
hey there...NJ USA here...how u like Canada?' are u native?
#guiltyascharged! my secret shame isn't so secret anymore :) RT : : Is that a fact? You naughty girl you.
#SongsThatGiveYouGoosebumps Finding My Way- Rush
awesome! Gotta clear my schedule!
THE S WORD
Lebron James will be named NBA MVP, wow good way to tarnish another award....
Less than two months until the Shamrock Club of Wisconsin's 45th Annual St. Patrick's Day Parade takes place on March 12, 2011!
#FF the Twitter to my upcoming action film
stop being a tease.
#rets attendees please note that the rooms listed on crowdvine aren't always correct. Check the printed schedule.
What did everyone think of the #SMASH finale? I'm excited for "Bombshell" to come to Bway and give me a reason to be a tourist in my town :)
About to shoot a video cover for in Spanish.. Who's excited???
Big factor in the Danny O'Brien saga: Bielema repeatedly talked about how Russell Wilson fit at UW. Is O'Brien the same kind of teammate?
Thanks Jack. I'll make sure to share it with everyone!
I wish I could sing.
I Like Muffin Tops,Buttered Toast,Milk Vodka, Saggy Mud Flop Boobies and Skiping To My Lou Down The Street
Some guy almost ran me over at the Nora Steak N Shake,he was pulling out onto 86th St. & as soon as I walked in front, he started 2 speed up
My co-worker just told me subway chocolate chip cookies are 290 cal. each. No way. It's too late anyway, I just ate three.
Marcus Camby aspires to be an elementary school principal following his #NBA playing career.
got it don't worry ur on my agenda. Just am in and out of meetings today!
Right, im tired. Goodnight :)
I'm looking for bloggers with cats. If you have a cat + a blog + want to be part of a giveaway, let me know!
i dm it
OMG WE SHOULD SO START THAT LOL JK
Happy Mothers Day To my beautiful mom & all the others mothers out there <3
Cool, I'm at work a half an hour early.
It's been like that for 6 years, shouldn't expect anything different..
LOVE new song, 'We R Who We R'! Go get it!
RT : drive puts the Clippers back in front 45-44 w/ 7:31 to go in 3Q // Catch the game on ABC or KFWB 980AM...
I guess it's better than being an anti-dentite!
Gettin ready for rehearsal with
Wherever you are - be all there.
I'm still missing Ryan Dunn. Watch Jackass 3 this week and just left me with a heavy heart.
We miss you Vin! Get well soon.
w/my sister & amarilis (: getting al dolledd up lol
"You know when you're sitting down and you fart and it rolls to the front?" LOL
I hope she falls into one of the machines @ work
Bailey had a bad inning!!! I hate him!! Why is he even in the majors?? Time to cut him and start Chapman!!! #FireDusty!
Started writing a new song today. This one will make you want to dance. Can't wait till you all can hear it!
Just went through an entire tissue box and it's not even noon. No fun.
do you wanna ride....
If we are facing in the right direction, all we have to do is keep on walking.
I want a car like bumblebee !!!!!
Goodnight yall... Gone miss my sweetie toma,but hope he do good
i'm sad today :(
Auto-timing (transcript synchronization) has increased number of YouTube users adding captions.
So Newt's taking credit for the 96 Olympics now huh
Check out Therisinghollywood.com
Episode two is coming........SBN
There is nothing like a dream to create the future.
Fuck these hoes with a passion.
I'm going straight from my uncle's funeral to the stage to the performance tomorrow..
First time day drinking...I'm very rusty.
That's pathetic. We didn't even have a chance. Worst feeling. Just can't even believe i wasted my time to see refs choose the outcome. Wow.
have you been there, people wear less on the streets in front
lol I haven't :/ but I can't believ u remember! Haha
iTS THUGG LOVE TiLL THE FULLEST ....U AiNT GOT NO BUSTA<U+2665>
sounds like a winning costume to me ;)
I'll also be providing social media updates both here and on Facebook and the Eleventh Stack blog.
Morning Los Angeles!
RT : still expecting a DM back from my expectations to get it are not big tho *never know keep ya hopes up*
Done from work. Vegas this weekend.. Still lots of stuff to be done.. Haayy..Buhay America..
#EdUSAForum session on social media and international Ed, should be interesting.
Getting in tje groove!
We always hear that women like making other women unhappy. Sad to see it in action.
oh I absolutely agree. Im a bama alum and I constantly struggle to come up with unbiased arguments
Classic Slice North Ave is 1 today!!! Come celebrate with us! Double punches on slice and pie cards tonight 5-close!
We must be ready to learn from one another, not claiming that we alone possess all truth & somehow have a corner on God. ~Desmond Tutu
Ikno man it's been a while beenon my grown shit lolol glad your doing well boo
Driving home with :) so happy I don't have to take the bus
any good purchases today???
for some quality social media info.
The big day is near come sign up and save 40% on classes Come now !!!!!!
loved seeing George back and so happy that Chris pulled the come from behind victory and William is finally gone!
It's okay, Tom Brady, you're still gorgeous & married to a gorgeous Gisele. Who needs a #SuperBowl XLVI ring?! #NYG have it. I heart NY!
Gotta run to the store after work
Dreading tomorrow. Fuck school. Fuck "love". And fuck the police.
Can you get FTSK, or EveryAvenue to folow me????!!:D
#ThingsMarriedMenSay RT : Frozen orange peels make a great sink disposal cleaner.
how's the Mint Money Magic doing?
I don't get it. #Nats game started at 1. Is it over already? Navy Yard platform already starting to fill up. #wmata (And it's hot in here!)
#thatawkwardmoment when your phone changes itself from silent to ring at work and everyone gets treated to some late afternoon Hairspray.
Champagne Sunday's are in full effect! Come check it out for yourself!
Today's friday! #heckyeah!
I'm not sure if I missed your announcement or not, but if I did, congratulations!
if only tweets could be longer then 140 characters i would shout some things to this fucked up world we live in
Avoid 205 north. It's horrible.
I'd rather have pancakes.... and one less t-shirt to pack.
Testing for HIV - That Scary? Some things should be known
Kid off to school..I really wanna go bak to sleep till wk time...but I have 2 stay up an break this lazy cycle
Also in the chatter for today's episode, we review ! http:/www.ftg-comic.com
Hahahahahaha! I need a cardboard cut out. Like now. Lmao...... Yes we do!
Working while driving to Austin. Love my mobile hotspot.
I hope it was a joke!! I wasn't watching closely so it definitely could have been. So crazy!
ack! Thanks for the heads-up about en-masse unblocking #Drupal users. I had no idea.
Sometime God brings you to a point of #loneliness to increase your hearing. Time to listen.
Trying your hardest still isnt good enough.
we shall let you know when something confirms!
Gladiator could be the best movie ever.
That's exactly what i think.
Yes! Love it. Not all #artistadmin are artists, but are
Have been away from HTML for too long. We no longer see eye to eye it seems.
i would marry lil wayne idec
Talia has me laughing like an idiot right now. Omg
Where's my perfect job....?
b complex'd.
don't want to be the first one. I want to be the only one<3"
Reading Agile Coaching from the pragmatic bookshelf. Shoulda read it 6 years ago.
Sorta wish they did it vs a different opponent but proud of former players and for scoring 1000 career pts good job
Flying to Denver tonight. Praying that neither snow nor this #solarshower will affect my travels!!! Has anyone had any problems yet?
shank on TNT.. Classic
Pats have a lot of beef on that DL with Wilfork and now Haynesworth. Great addition...now just need to add an OLB who can rush the passer
Me too. I can't wait for the awesomeness! : I am really excited about the face lift is gonna give my blog! :)
I don't know what you wanted me to do. You didn't want to do what we wanted to do until after you left Johnny's. I couldn't
you have issues... MAJOR Issues
LOVED your postcard, and so did the rest of the Eboard. Hope you had the time of your life!
RT : RT : Getting a "hey, how are you?" text from the that one person can make your whole day.
goat cheese kulcha? *drools*
and me right?
Awesome quote! I still need to see that film. :)
#Bride of The Killer Nerr II :Tom:
Thank God for letting me see Another Day ....And GoodMorning Twitter!
For real. I prefer Dave Ramsey's view: *we* are the economy.
I just saw the angriest looking ginger to date. Even worse than when gets cut off in traffic.
WCF experts, is there a type of extension that is guaranteed to run before and after any operation (with and without unhandled errors) ?
Thanks for choosing to make us a part of your evening!
Events for the week of April 22-28
ok yourself
ITS MY BIRTHDAY! Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!? <3 50
sick new logo!
Can't wait till monday. :) <3
your welcome bro
he's gonna be on Interscope though :/
As a well-spent day brings happy sleep, so life well used brings happy death.
Michael Jackson is my hero... I will love him forever, he was a great man!
Thanks for liking my page! Lots of fun posts coming soon while this blonde tries to figure out social networking ;)
: Your freeze-dried strawberries. I don't even believe they're unsweetened.
As soon as the weather changes, folks forget how to dress appropriately.
Listening to Laura naviaux ( ) at #sdsms ... Very interesting
I'll be on a panel with Colleen Lye and Jennifer Ho at the American Literature Association's Circle of Asian American Studies panel! Scary?
Anyone coming out Wednesday at Tomcats West with ?? 5 bucks!
. And that unemployment figures do NOT include those incarcerated.
tony we got beef!!
You are welcome! Thank you in return. Dungeons are great places to work...
: Lakers or Thunder? Who wins the series and in what game?
@ the world yu a fucked up place
Bennie and the jets
Organic nuts and yogurt cut feelings of anxiety by 50 percent, researchers say. My fav is Fage with almonds!
Break out the George Lindsey News Radio episode. RIP.
Done seeing the good in people, it only leads to disappointment.
Friday morning at Sierra...Yoga, Spinning, or Zumba? Decisions, decisions... :)
great to see you too! And yes, joining Facebook is advised... :)
I'm going for an early 90s Jerry Seinfeld silhouette if anyone was wondering.
Can't wait to see you in Chicago!!
You two pioneers. Get rid of that covered wagon! Join the 20th Century! Live the dream!
Y'all are beggign for the rough side of my tongue. Esp you,
I want to self publish on Amazon Kindle, but I want to do chapter books. I haven't written a full novel yet.
what's the speeds?
Rod and Mario hold the world record for ballgaming the most baseball players
#notALA can our second order be planning a conference, hopefully at an inexpensive beach area? with free workshops?
Wake up suckers and have a great day while i sleep!! The alarm is set to watch
KCLS: going from 10 items per square foot to 5. Again, focus on people space not stuff space.
what inspires you the most?
I think too much.
the twins in 8flavahs goes to Moanalua high school I go to moanalua too!
A lot of cats think you can skips steps or say they believe in something although there scared to invest in there own idea, dream or skill
Blasting The Weeknd because these reffs keep blasting reggeton
Snowing in #Nashville today, let the awful driving skills, road rage, and stand-still traffic begin!
Really enjoying listening to REM's Murmur this morning.
While playing socom4 i realised that running like a loon and firing from the hip is far more deadly than controlled fire
x24 Mexico. Earthquake in Japan, watching 2 see damage as also in room full of leading Japanese networking folks-global fiber can save lives
THESE NACHOS ARE THE BOMB!!!... And that's how I got my nachos taken away in the airport..
RT Work in the invisible world at least as hard as you do in the visible. ~ Rumi
Yes it is..No words can describe it!
Thank you!
And for the naysayers in your life? The International Black Hole Registry?
I consider that a threat to Joneses everywhere. You better watch yourself
Brilliant drawing of bald Britney Spears with an umbrella bahaha
Wow - it's been a while away from the virtual party 'cuz I've been so busy with real loves of music and artist lady. Lucky me & best wishes!
yay!! thank you! glad you had fun! :D
Lyon acknowledges that "enactment of power in the moment thru discourse" is not new really. Foucault. Wittgenstein. But argues that (1/2)
I was involved in little league games that were played better than tonight. Ug. Ly.
Summer's around the corner I need to get in shape for Bikini season Lol
Get back on track today!!!
All these agencies should respect their devs. Because when they leave they end up working for 5 of your competitors eating up your mrktshare
its not that late pretty face
Today, April 19th is Allgood Elementary School Spirit Night from 5-8. Come out and show your support for Allgood!
Taking note from my phone ;)
Grab a Medium, 1 topping pizza and 12 wings for just $13.99 and be the hit of the party today. Special good all week through Sunday. Yum!
Hiding from the wind this Saturday afternoon with the latest Mental Floss. And gearing up the balls to attempt a run.
got an apt at 910 so anytime after apt shud be done by 10ish
A chemist says popped corn contains a beneficial chemical, so now popcorn is a superfood? (popped corn != popcorn)
Nice Dime Mamba!!!
they're jealous because you're making something of yourself.
Cycling/Spinning class! That's what I'll be doing tonight!
I'm not a fan, i'm a mahomie. I'm not in a fandom, i'm in a family. I'm not obsessed, i'm dedicated. My love for Austin is infinite<3
I've never cried to a song until i heard the song hair. :)
I need the #kardashiancollection geoprint TriBeCa jumpsuit like yesterday #amazing times 10
OMG! I am making those next week for sure. Just ordered a donkey cookie cutter. :)
I get to see him! :) super excited! And I get to party!!!
email sent!
you met ??
I wish my boy was here.
oh my goodness! Arbogeddon?
Commentpress would be great--awesome suggestion, thanks!
RT : RT : where the Hell have you been?
#gumroad is brilliant. Who said all the great ideas were taken? Gumroad.com
Why ya'll trippin'? I'm just fine.
FYI...You look fantastic as a blonde! I saw your #FB page. Wish I was a friend on there! #BIGFAN of
Who's here already?
West Vi vocational school was shut down after traces of meth were found in the building during investigation of principal and teacher.
man fuck instagram that shits be fucking up since Facebook bought and it was available on android
That one week where women crave EVERYTHING FATTY<
Thanks! Always great to come into the studio to a great surprise!
where is everyone?
I also had a dream where Louis complemented me on how smooth my legs are.. LOLWUT
Getting a lot of spammy dm's recently...
Don't over stretch and get crushed by a freak event
Add me on facebook -
Integration is not just the opposite of segregation. Integrated thinking is far too rare right now. We are trapped in aimlessness of variety
I Can't Stop You From Having Problems, But I Can Guarantee As Long As You Got Me, You Won't Have To Face Them Alone.
i wish we had book fairs at my school again..
You'll have to come east NE 37/Broadway, worth the trip RT : on the Westside? Looking for a good Chinese restaurant
Countdown to graduation is ON!!
Cinnamon Life will forever be in my heart. Going strong since the 90's.
One more day of work thank you Lawrd
Happy Thanksgiving! Post on our wall and tell us what you're most thankful for this year!
The things I own. I have a demi tas set!
that is episode 3
I feel the same about infants in coffee shops as I do about infants in bars: GTFO. Especially when barefoot.
stubby will have one with you!
seems like the difference between the M's and a good team this year is about 1 inning a game
Great clarification. cc
the amazing one
Designing is just arranging all the things you've been collecting. Collecting well is kind of the thing.
I can't listen to paradise by Coldplay without crying.
Excited about the free showing of "Tapped" this afternoon starts :30
Meow! I'm ready for the weekend!
2012-13 GenFund being hashed out in Leg is, in real terms, below where it was before recession. #ProudToPay to restore cuts.
They always talking about that pimp shit but them niggas ain't getting no cutty
sweet! May have to try tweetcaster while playing my Telecaster;)
"Through conversations you build relationships. #socialmedia is a tool to for this"
Did u unfollow me?
is this real talk time??
Thank you for the RT!
hahh hilarious and true!
mines & it still won't do it!
why thank you! :)
Hope everyone had a great holiday weekend! Anyone have any good stories from the field or court?
sorry!! we had something go wrong and twitter unfollowed a bunch of people.
Thanks for the follow!
I will cry if I dont get a birthday tweet, that's litterally all I wanted ALL day! PrettyPlease?
Talking #idol on in just a bit.
I only play Words With Friends! I don't mind the game request by wow almost 50 request for games? I feel loved lol
3 to 7 Saints. falcons on the 20 yard line...
Bethlehem, PA. What a place. Now off to find baby Jesus.
People at work want more work to do to pass time.I don't get it. I'm perfectly happy sitting in a chair with an iPad, iPhone & the internet.
i love you so much! please meet me in NYC! you are my idol <3
#OccupyWallst being evicted. police in riot gear. get down here if you can.
RT 6yr old Son: "I'm mad Dad, Miami Heat just lost to the calculaters." Me: "Me, too. Actually it's the LA Lakers."
email me :
Among the other esteemed panelists at this event is our Baltimore colleague Cathy Watson from
Forgive. It doesn't erase their crime but why should you do the time. Let go of resentment
Next time i'll steal ALL your fries
Oh and I have Rob gronkowski on my bench, atleast Jimmy Graham got me 14
Desktop users more likely to go straight to #pubmedia homepages (vs mobile users).
no hun i live n tennessee, hbu
Genji calling ... good M-THR sushi ...
wear red for #WorldAIDSDay. we're getting closer to a cure
This is climate (and work related), I promise: It would take approximately 84,375,000 gallons of water to fill the Rose Bowl to the rim.
Why do I love the song Call Me Maybe so much? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
Tony Stark loves fast cars and AC/DC. I love fast cars and AC/DC. Therefore, I am Tony Stark
I totally just got the "wrong person" late night booty text from a guy I broke it off with on Monday. Hahaha, good try though
In need of a change.....same ole same ole evryday day :(
If you have people in your life you can truly trust, dont take them for granted
Just a quick factoid.. did you know that 106.7 KISS-FM is 100% commercial free every afternoon between 2-5p when you listen on iHeartRadio?
I am hungry for success! I am not their yet but I am on my way!
My grandfather wore rubbers when it rained, he must have gotten aroused by the moisture in the air
#1DVDforme because from the moment it came out everything changed I knew I had to get it whatever the price.
I may not listen but I hear you loud and clear
this does not surprise me one bit. have you looked at the book i recommended? it has good insight for your show.
Ronald Reagan also raised taxes and the debt ceiling.
Being prepared is a GREAT thing :) How was your visit?
Call and order a banner today...mention this status...and get 50% off! Free design! 615-255-3825
#RihannaNavy for life. We go
LOL, your tweet put a smile on our faces... #TGIF!
3) Louis taught me to be myself, be a little mischievious and have fun.
enjoy the well deserved break! I'm still bitter about the way my orioles choked to yanks last week haha
Wearing my Bieber shirt today! Happy Birthday ! :)
Mayweather would never beat Manny Pacquiao! His undefeated record would be trashed.
Rice Prez, David Leebron, “higher education is one of the most competitive sectors of the economy”
I saw a great presentation today on non-economic damages by Jeffrey Kroll at Illinois Trial Lawyer's Update & Review.
Could see severe storms tonight here in New England. Pete's busy tracking it. Latest at 5:30 on
where are you
Finally sitting.... Even with so much to do, I am gonna put my feet up and watch a movie
Good Morning. Off to spend the morning with my dad before I get to work.
- thanks for following LifeVine Works!
Back at ya! RT : #FF ...good luck to everyone except the Hawks ;)
Wen my crush likes a bitchs pic on Fb and comments u look Hot,Beautiful,gorgeous,Cute I get jealous Tuhhh >.< :x..:/
Yes, but it has to go both ways too!
So happy we finally got some nice weather!
Then give me some $$$$ oh, and you own me a Taco!!!
Justin Bieber, Carly Ray Jepsen, Jersey Shore, Ryan Seacrest are also here!
#LIVEUNITED: aspirations from our community: end isolation, close achievement gap, get equal access to services
Thanks. Know the area well. Will be there visiting our children for the holidays. Hope to go!
well we are excited to present the opportunity for fans to hear that signature voice live and in person at the fanfest!
playing video games with my dad and brother ow ow owww
Accolades. Do you have high-resolution versions of the plan, too? :)
#FF 2 amazing supporters this week!
Let's pick a day this week! Monday is leftover lasagna for us, but any other day works.
Maybe use smoke signals next time, Jenna? Ha.
Infusion Center Blues
Who just saw that guy get a a touchdown thrown in his face?
Etty Hillesum~ We are always in search of the redeeming formula the crystallizing thought.
Rumors are going around that Kapanke is a witch. We'd like to put them to rest. “You know me” Kapanke says in his new TV ad.
Why is this weather so crazy? It's 50s one minute and upper 80s the next minute.
Excited to announce that with be in Nashville this week to record with Joshua Silverberg.
true, that helps.
happy hour?
zombie invasion run bitch run
An Always Sunny in Philadelphia marathon on CC is a chill way to wrap the day
I'll be in STL until Sun. night…but Im sure you can find something to do with your extra time here in Vegas…
She got straight #nasty on video RT : Really bro RT: #SQUIRTER OF THE YEAR GOES IN APPEARANCE :-)
Thank you followers!!.,,,,,
haha, earlier mentioned adopting a new blog platform means you can use the default theme and nobody notices...
Knowing the clientele @ my job,they'll probably buy organic easter eggs for their kids to dye & hide stuffed w/ gold bonds#luckybastards <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
always on dah grind! Follow him, trust.
Walmart = fat people in track suit day! I need to start shopping at Target
Garbage at the 9:30 Club?! HELL YES!
I second that. Really happy to be playing with all y'all.
Given that, the one-size-fits-all solution offered in the Stanford proposal is very troubling.
- 5 Highly Acidic Foods... beef, pork, dairy, processed grains, alcohol
I've always wanted to walk up to a stranger and give him a briefcase and whisper "you know what to do" and walk away.
new Deejay splash remixes comin soon - stay tuned to find out where to find 'em
Okay okay done for tonight with gossip girl... Full nap time... Or maybe just sleep till when ever. Tomorrow 2 hour season finale of Glee!!!
Just when you thought the #brewers were gonna have the #1 play on Hamilton has to go and hit 4 home runs...jerk.
Haha you're not THAT bad. You just can't draw a mermaid. :P
Ackee n sawfish cornbeef n corn meal porridge wit fried dumplings.... Good Morning
the online hostility towards people who have moved to austin never ceases to amaze me. seems to go against what i think makes austin great.
I really enjoyed The Avengers
April is the Month of the Military Child and a time to honor the contribution of the youngest members of military families.
Sitting at VSTE waiting for the keynote speaker to begin.
so this happens in nyc?
just left the mall x: going to go buy taco bell c:
You're crazy! (and I love it.)
Yes it is! what a disappointment ! sweet dreams or try at least after this series lol
That they are probably right... :/
Look, Fox News, if marriage didn't want Obama to declare war on it, it shouldn't have shot Archduke Ferdinand.
let's go!
Any museum using a team approach to social media involving staff from different departments?
EXACTLY why I stopped watching. RT Before this goes any further: I'm so sorry about this, Freddie Mercury.
getting you'r teacher to play boyfriend .. hmm SCORE ! I love this song , i will never get tired of it . Love you justin (:
Oh get those bong juices flowin in my brain WHEEEEE
Just picked up Mama J from the airport. YAY!
Unfollowing everybody tweeting this gyat damn Tumblr quotes . Ain't nobody got time for that .
C'mon man. How you gonna get all the way to the laundry room only to realize you left your detergent SEVENTEEN FLOORS above?
yes lets collaborate on a hopyaard tour and ttell me if I can get a cut & help market the event.
WOW, Here you are, I love you guyss! <3
because it isn't getting any airflow being trapped between your head and pillow lol
just swore into the DC Bar. licensed in two jurisdictions. learned some stuff. there are 93,000 members of DC Bar. that's a lot of lawyers.
#edcampclt is almost here! You can watch me talk about it Monday on the show, then join us on Tuesday at
Can't wait!Weather/clothing advice would be really welcome. If we r staying in dorms, any chance we can access the univ's gym?
I love alicia keys but wth is up with her hair...??
Answer your phone!
Hey lady, can you remove this tweet. It links to my desktop.
It's official. Pure Elegance Motorcyle Club is on Twitter!!
Aaannnnddd power is back...lame. I got excited for a second there.
To guard against parity errors causing a switch reload?
Oh and to all those who waited til the last minute....your mom prepared for u for 9 months! Shame on you
and what am I chop liver?
You can blame that on Steve Jobs use of LSD.
I just sent you an email bro
There's something about Dual that appeals to Marcus.
Motto for the #hackweek: Drink good beer, write good code!
You looked hotter than ever. Naturally.
CPWG fist meeting completed. Come to NAAR for a detailed overview.
werd up Richmond!!!
Ah Monday. Way to remind me that I'm not qualified to be my own IT department. :(
It's too nice outside for my feelings.
go in! The ambassadors wife is a doll!!
#Awesome! RT : we were honored to be an
Masked mamba clutch once again! Game going into overtime. Let's go Lakers!!! :D
If NOT, then STOP ACTING LIKE IT WHEN YOU GO OUT TO VOTE! The Democrats are the most downright ignorant, thieving bunch of scum in the USA!
Amazing because its FRIDAY! :)
I was at the #CINNERS event in L.A on Wed, but had to fly to New York on Thurs. Charleston SC on Sat, Charlotte NC on Sun...
Magician Landan Swank makes it through to AGT Final. Good, it won't be full of singers again. I usually don't watch past the semi-finals.
...and u are too! Miss u
it's difficult to eat an apple when you're not aloud to make any noise. stupid crunchy apple..
i har it when my friend fight... i never know where to be
Dumb ppl really do have children RT SNOOKI IS PREGNANT!!! mazel tov!!! source just confirmed the ny post story with me.
curtis ik i got u shitty earlier but i wasnt tryna come at u though, i was jus sayin tht cause i get mad easily, not. personal
omg why?
Love the concept (and name) of DIY's Blog Cabin. Viewers not only get to vote on features and blog about it, one gets the house at the end!
hot dogs in rice cookers
what? we already have sidewalks. We NEED is public transit to #LAX and on Sepulveda.
aka J BLOW aka mr. wear the cheese at lol
It's time to come home :-(.
I can't wait to see the new American Pie movie. It looks like it is going to be so funny.
You women always say that... lol
Can we hire you as our personal stylist?!
Gamestop?! I thought you got a new job?
Hawks man all day
Runnin Rebels open game on 19-2 run. No slow start tonight!
“: I think this stripper has a tampon on.” lol
Dear jesus, why did you make me hate shopping, while loving boots so very much? This is painful.
I was elected to MLA Delegate Assembly!
do it big in Indy! you'll have a great time w/
Help spread the word about us! Don't forget, August 25th is the release of our single "Time Is Of The Essence" for FREE via Facebook!
If you're coming out tonight, tell them at the ticket booth that you're there to see the levee! And drive safe Atlanta.
Nope... but after some googling... are you working with their Marketing team?
Niall Horan is Handsome <3 that's what's up.
so does label, "grandfather's clock"
Reading chromatic's "Modern #Perl". Quite informative, possibly better than "Learning Perl"
I don't care a thing about rules.
awesome i will check it out lols
I'm not laughin :p
We appreciate all the likes, but give us some comments? We would like to know what you think! -Cody (:
America's Pub tomorrow night = our CD release party with Aliens Vs Robots and The Gunship! We'll have copies the new album for sale! Rock on
the one for sale on the boat was shot by sixman. My shot will be posted by Not sure if they are gonna sell prints
Change your thoughts and you change your world. Norman Vincent Peale
GREYSONS GONNA PREFORM IN NYC OMG IM CRYING LAWWWDDD WHERE DO I GET TICKETS?!?!?
Jethro's Waldo Black Blue Flake and Blue Tip is Hot on Kissimmee Chain
Happy Cinco De Mayo everyone!! Who's enjoying some good mexican grub today??
My 2nd son arrived today, early just like his brother.
Was asked by to do a talkback with him. (Did I need to?) I liked him. Clearly he saves up the poison. Ugh.
“:Chris Manning 2014 6'6 SF Randallstown(Team Sizzle)Long body who can really run.Compliment any team”
Watching #extremely loud. :(
on assignment
Hey man! Did I get row 1?
I find it wierd because my cousin has MORE followers, and more tweets than me and I started my twitter first.
you .. thats why Mama finna cook ... aha , Want Some tho ?
ha! That's actually what I drink for breakfast in the morning! it's good! Hope you feel better babe. Ps...that looks horrifying.
No more Rosie Perez ????
How are you?
Tonight we've got , & in the house! Can I get a UNSK UNSK???
; when i say you make me wanna throw up, i'm not exaggerating. you legitimately make me wanna barf.
It's to god damn cold to be chillin' outside.
wow holy shit man, hook a brother up we work together haha
#johncarter was a gigantic helping of #cheese. However, it was rather #enjoyable. You just have to be ready to laugh.
I dunno...9 months pregnant + donuts could be dangerous! LOL
Oh JSP class :D
Hi Steve, I saw your post on RockYou social gamer tips - looks great!
the "traveling" dance. Hilarious.
The second I woke up I picked up my iPod nd started to listen to Cody Simpson hahah still am :D
thank you
I gleaking love
stay out of my account please
UGH MY TWITER APP KEEPS CLOSING!! WTF!!
you don't think their sexy? xD
can anyone explain to me what Twitter Jail is? I feel like an idiot for not knowing
Stop tweeting about your hairy ass pussy..
easy to do. especially while obsessively knocking on a closed door.
Hi! Wine & Food Truck Pairing Dinner in last night! Contact Justin Harrison for future events!
Want to cut your debt? Pay off your smaller bills first and then focus on the larger ones.
Seems too complicated, plus I think it would need a gesture version to gain traction.
You don?t have to be a fantastic hero to do certain things ? to compete. You can be just an ordinary chap, sufficiently motivated to reac...
#20KWin The North Face
Game of Thrones. Let it begin!
there's an omelette place on Victory, across from Ralph's. It's pretty awesome.
Fans : "I love Austin Mahone!!" Mahomies : "I love Austy!!" See the difference?
#Gamedevs, social games needs mobile play - says wireless subscriptions hit 327.6M (U.S.) & surpasses U.S. population....
TY very much, LA!!
I'd be interested in a trade.
hi just got out of school finally and about 2 eat my snack pack:)
“: RT : Annoying persistence is what helped us become great #MashCon” I'm calling u 1000 times on Tuesday!
it was already on!! When I was putting the straw it in all shot out lol
Dude. This may require an intervention.
I can't wait to be in Eagle River next week! It will be so much fun!
thats a cute cat
Can someone suggest a good book, I just finished
lol true they getting they ass bust
Not even one mention of Senator Vinehout, or the amazing energy at the gubernatorial forums and recall rallies. Nice work.
Try the EOS gamma, but turn down the gain in the color matrix, lift the blacks a touch and soften the knee.
I'm going for my Goddaughter first birthday
WATING FOR #BELIEVE ALBUM :)
Whenever I'm FB chatting I zone into my computer and it is blatantly obvious to the teacher that I'm not paying attention.
Preliminary rosters got bumped from 80 to 90 this year. Not much point in cutting him now.
I work this weekend night. Panama 12's. Next week is my short week
I need a new book
Hello how are u? Abbey
USD's Nonprofit Governance Symposium is tomorrow and Saturday. . . will I see you there? I'm presenting on Online Philanthropy on Saturday.
2nd seed my friend
Great show tonight
Even though I am an #Angels fan for life, I do have to say congrats to Josh Hamilton on his incredible week he just had.
Follow us on Twitter
Today is a good day
Haha why is his girl tryin to txt me now too ?
Can't for a new glee tomorrow
I just posted group assignments on the course wall.
trying to get a hold of you guys to line up a show or two. What's the best way to go?
I Love One Direction so freaking badly !!!
Wahhhh terrible lunch ONE day this week! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Good to see pujols earning that money. They should've signed me. I would have went homer-less for a whole lot less.
<U+2600> good morning <U+2600>
This just happened with Mary J? Perhaps both promised burger dream sequences.
: but they were respectful, right? & related to class material. apparently fear is Random Ppl harassing, stalking students.
Cher may be a fkn oscar winner, but girl, once you get nominated for an emmy you gonna git yours.
"Local governments need to engage citizens in solving the problems in their own communities." ~NYC Mayor at #ncvs 2010
To improve your life you must remain teachable. You can't fix something with the same thinking that created the problem.
check your palmbeachstate email. prof.. Sent a link with the slides
40 degrees, hail, sleet, 20 mph gusts, mewling puppy on bank, shivering in my waders, blizzard of mayflies, then...the fish of a lifetime.
Caps without a doubt.
thanxx... Who do u like out of mb?? and wanna be my twifey???
dear hugo. it felt right.
Will Kelly Monaco be there? If so, then YES!!!
Everyone in this house is sick if I get sick ima be vex lol
Rise & Grind! That is all.
Wrapped 15 30-second episodes for a new #YouTube #fitness channel! First episode premieres 1st week of April.
O, you all are such jetsetters! I want to go to Brazil, do you want a travel buddy? Haha ;)
I need to get to the Met Ball somehow before I die. Oh, it's going to happen! I want too!
When I wanna relax n clear my mind I like goin to sit by the lake
#ICanHonestlySay I'm not single. I'm simply in a long - standing relationship with fun and freedom! :D
lmao have fun be careful you dont run into that bitch who blew you up
I will and yea same here I'm not working as much and just have one class on friday mornings until march
We see you! Too slow though. Next time man, next time! Thanks for the support, for real.
Green Tip: save trees and pay your bills online
Oh yuck....Feel better!!
not my turtle, but his nails are painted. :-)
Just want to go home and watch something mindless.
Everyone waits until the day is following them on Twitter. For me, that day is today. Cheers!
People tweet a LOT and constantly. #ctfd or
Would love to see someone develop an extension that would do 'Character Count' or 'Word Count' for text pasted into alfred.
Grammy's at 8. Congrats to McCartney on his award! Almost 70 and still rockin'
10 more minutes of #80sThursday! Finishing up with Van Halen, Bow Wow Wow, and The Motels.
i hate rude ass parents nuff said .
This is how I walk. Like Mrs. Ragsdale, my Kindergarten teacher. Maybe she was in pain--I just thought she walked like a zombie...
Got a nice workout in at the gym, I always feel better after I workout :D
The Vegas Lounge in NE Mpls is the best!
jus here playin sum ps3 bored as hell...I hate homework LOL (;
"Welcome to Welcome!" (What the lady didn't say at the gas station in Welcome Minnesota.)
instead of more playoff wins than the Knicks in 2012 you should say more than the Knicks have had in 3 years 0-12
$ECYT be careful longs...
"I am deeply committed to the cause of education and would like to see every person, man and woman, boy and girl, be touched by the light o…
Can't get enough of this soul food!
have fun in fully girl! Tell downtown I miss her!
Yes Gil deserves a lot more love!
she didn't sell out!!! Anyone who goes commercial is just trying to get paid the big dollars & be represented the right way!
Few people even scratch the surface, much less exhaust the contemplation of their own experience.
Thanks for the #FF! Hope you have a great weekend!
Come on Wisconsin, what's with this weather? Can we just have sunny, 80's and the brewers???
Now I know what Chewbacca probably looked like as a pup.
I am new here. I am a single female that is 40 years old. I am seeking a man because I am unemployed and I get no money for food and clot
So I told him and he doesn't believe me.
it's so true! Scales are never 100% accurate!
Why did it take seven months to print the new Allied contracts? Why are there still none in the primary language of the workers there?
That Jeopardy's producers share our society's unjustified contempt for teachers.
I'm being waterboarded by my own snot. delicious, right? fucking sinus drainage. bleeaaghh.
Please follow me Khloe!! Its my biggest dream to be able to meet u and ur sisters please follow me!!!!!!
Happy New Year!!!
Tasting flax seed and I must say it really isn't all that bad.
Congrats to #GrayFund for putting on a spectacular show tonight! Thank you, Betty Gray!
You never have to refund the advance to the factor, but you must pay interest to the factor for any advance against the invoice.
What time do nail salons open
We are doing wonderful. Excited to finally get our website up and running. Money for our furry babies.
So my bros best friends bro can get free tickets to anything happening in the bank Atlantic center can I have 1D tickets for July? Lolol
So ya I am starving !!
i am the empty vessel... keep it coming
Hahaha get tried
dm would you be interested in a ground breaking story regarding an academic leap eliminating most or all book costs?
worst monday morning including no ipass, no coffee, so late. acheived nothing cuz the computer shut off during original cataloging project
my birthday is in 363 days!! ..
Cher sucks, and it's like that because she wanted a quickie before the show
nope just a little camera trick. I wanted to get a snap of my new jean jacket... It's light wash 80s trashy and I'm obessed.
POURING in PB!
So excited to relax tonight and I will try my best to not feel guilty about it!
I love
srsly, you have a problem. how bout them knicks?
go suck a fat baby ballz
Why thanks! Can't help but concur. Our new #FireIceExhibit about Hindenburg & Titanic also very cool. cc
Take what??
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him
HBO's parent company is Time Warner. And yet HBOGo is not offered on Time Warner. ........100 % clown shoes
you're welcome :) xx
Alfred, you know #Batmans Homeboy
Nicely done Flickr w/ the Ektar love. And my pal was featured!
MIDDAY at noon: Reversing terrorist radicalization, University of Maryland Response to Terrorism
So many political parties itching for the presidency. And more than 1 demanding end of corporate monopolies in Mexico
follow back nig
tweets got me weak right now! Lmao
Some people love to dance, and others, were born to do it. It may not come out at first, but your talent will peak and potential comes out.
Okay. Thanks.
-y'all prob were so cute as little kids. #whathappened?
just drank some OJ. Will stock up on the others! Thanks :)
Perfect your body by perfecting your diet
screw mediocre burritos! EAT BURGERS!
orange skittes are the best skittles!
Does anyone still wear a hat?
I love Ugly Betty!!
i see your true colours shinning through.
Bouta clean up, then go see wtf this boy talkin bout.
You are right <3
Thanks for the retweet! Glad you enjoyed it!
Hi all!!
I think I enjoy working bc it keeps a lot off my mind that I rather not think about
Good morning Sara - happy smbmad day! :-)
hhheeyyy! who wants to talk?! :)
Packing partly done, Kill Bill V1 watched. Next: finish packing, 1-2 libguide pages. Then another movie.
we've got a little mafia going on…
#ColdplayOnIdol is awesome!!
Good luck to all those running the this Sunday on behalf of Blue Card
I know! its not suppose to be out yet.... but he doesn't have to knoww(;
Gotta love a warm summer night. In March. In Chicago.
we're thinking about going next next week and even Frankie said she's going. Road trip!
to wake up in the morning is a blessing!
Anyways good morning lovelies
w.e nigga
no, Ethan is fired. Lmao
thanks man!
My vegan lunch was both unintended and delicious.
did he ever!?:o
Serbia's capital Belgrade is about midway in the Danube flow, at point where Danube meets Sava River.
haha Well it's a circle so there are no bad seats! :)
Have a good time in Italy:)
who you like in the heavy weight bout tonight ma dude?
Learn Chinese for the day: <U+7C89><U+7EA2><U+8272> (<U+7C89><U+7D05><U+8272>) [fenhóngsè] pink
when you gunna get it!
Don't fight Don't hide Those stars in your eyes Let 'em shine tonight Let 'em shine tonight
bad broad love to FUCK wit her head down and her ass bent
i'd love to hear some - "So Many Girls"
I can't find my pen. It's the only pen I own/use and I can't find it. This is not looking good.
Freezing our booties off on the patio. Gonna have to cut the night early. :/
Oh, wow. it's true. i just tried to access the site and I couldnt.
We're gonna laugh, we're gonna drink till' the morning comes. That's what we're gonna do....COME ON....COME ON!!!!
I, for one, really enjoy a Gordita once and a while.
We're sold out, but may have one for sale. :)
": good morning sweetheart I hope u have an amazingly blessed and exciting day. I love you too. <3 :)"
#SaintsPunishmentUnfair just wait until the lawsuit when coaches and players from other teams must testify under oath about their bounties
Sorry baby. I got to go. i love you <3
Polls closed for the #elections 1 hour ago on the east coast! Stay tuned as 's Clarity ENR powers election results online!
Viva el Friday!
Looking for misery, but she found me
I wanna see the lucky one! Anyone wanna go (;
Finding myself liking Beibs' new song more and more... Somebody slap me
Two places I called for takeout told me they are out of BBQ Sauce. WTF! We're in Texas!!!
somebody Que the JAWS MUSIC lol...
You could if we had a store! We are web only and the stock is all in Beacon, NY.
I keep telling all my friends I want gummy worms for my birthday <U+263A>
Its so stupid that ESPN has a special releasing NFL schedules. I love the #NFL, but there's no need for this
yep! although for philly food cart prices, these are on the slightly less-cheap side. Still a good deal.
i love how Elise sings #Vienna . I'm jealous. lol
patience... -________-. May [;
- unfortunately not enough people were using it, so we focused on other features!
oh and I'm sorry I couldn't make it today!...my dad got home at 7:30 today so I didn't have a ride!
For most women the libido peaks just before menstruation.
Thank you to Barbara Agbemafle for booking your July 21st wedding with us today....can't wait to make your special day a memorable one!
Cole Hamels should tell the commissioner he was joking the first time. I bet they'd reverse the decision. It'd be his word against his word.
I don't know how i can talk to you and ask you questions when all you do is ignore me
Why would that be different? For diversity and quantity, you're still better w/o "brainstorming".
RT : WATCH OUT FOR THE NEW FRONT-LINE PROMOTIONS WEBSITE BY WWW.FRONTLINEEVENTS.COM COMING SOON...
For sure. Not many needs there, so guessing plenty of best player available picks
#iGetRealMadWhen Spammy Spammersons are the only ones who follow you on facebook.
if you still need a photographer like we talked about let me know!!
Heading to a screening and Q&A for . One of the only good excuses for missing out on Walking Dead!!!
hey lady sending some love ur way today! #Hugs&Smooches
i dont know LIFE
Anybody know where I can get a hat made with iron on letters in #Baltimore (White Marsh/Perry Hall)? While I wait? Lids?
It's really gratifying to hear that we are making our e-books easy to get and use. Thanks so much for saying so!
One minute Joel Ward is the hero, the next, the goat.
Where do you get your favorite battery operated boyfriend?
“: y'all still at tha red gym?” yep still here
Anyone drinking on this fine Tuesday evening? If so, whatcha having?
ewwww I see some :))
Saturday night spent dancing the night away as the White Swan at the KCRW Halloween Bash, today spent doing work I love. Life works out <U+2665>
Let each other talk without censoring, making wrong or getting defensive
#chicultural2012 but not there needs to be a more intimate discussion...Enter Cultural Conversations. 19 of them. Throughout to Chicago
working on imprinted lip balm project for non-profit.
guys send me your favourite songs please :) will be very grateful xx.
Lose the tie -- bring the wallet -- not sure what to do with V8 #staysafeout there
she said she didnt see it but she about to see it now
A quick correction for Video Games Live - it is at 2 pm & 8 pm on April 7, not 7pm!!
Thank you for the follow
"Happy BirthdaY"
I love that show!
We believe there are a set of steps that must be taken for artists to truly reach their potential.
Just need 3 more followers to hit 700. Slowly but surely building my social media presence. Help me reach 700 please! I follow back. :-)
Thanks Kelly for fighting the good "no bikes on red" fight. Gives me hope. A little.
#HighSchoolMemories All the lunchtime pep rallies . That made school for that day a lil fun.
1st band at Japan Nite w harder workin than most I've seen at #sxsw. Bullhorns, audience participation, "Thriller" dance. We.
Hunger games supposed 2 b pg-13. do u think it should b pg-13 or r?
I Can Act Really Good I Never Break Character !
German for Drinkers! Word of the day is Ozapfa (v.). To tap a beer barrel, esp at the inauguration of each Oktoberfest!
I hope they buy in to Linsanity!
Beat the heat - come in and try one of our yummy frozen cocktails!
My body is the instrument of my spirit.
Omg, your fucking avi. Can I just have you already!?!?!
oh no I meant meeting Caroline again
I just wanted to tell you that your prom dress looked AMAZING! I loced that silly pic of you and Alex (:
What's the best way to study for a final when you didn't do the review packet? Hmm this question will haunt me all day! Grr. 3 finals today.
Ain't nothing wrong with a little inner office fling, as long as we both know when shit hits the fan, I'm not saving your job!
Green mud masking like an 80s makeover movie sequence. What would be the theme song?
lets go
had a blast rehearsing today for show next week at The Rock Church for the high schoolers! Can't wait for Tuesday to come!
Nik, I would like to do the same. Teachers want respect, autonomy to teach their way, no high stakes testing. Money is least
so I needed to RT that n ur locked :/
You're quite welcome! Any time.
It's the 6 most requested songs of the day! #MilwaukeesMostWanted starts at 8:00! Turn that 'ish on!
Surf tomorrow at 9am w/ all the & surfers
Moving at the end of the end of the summer- so I'm creating a #Pittsburgh bucket list ... ideas?
We're getting close to the season finale, so you don't want to miss tonight's #AroundTheCornerWithJohnMcGivern! On MPTV 10 at 7:30 pm.
Help us out and RT our HOOAH message?
Off to Nob Hill for Small Business Day.
HOLY SHIT THEY BOTH MADE IT OH MY I CAN'T. HOW IS THIS POSSIBLE.
I think ' own could be two degrees away from a Liverpool Director of Communications appointment.
When the hell did this hoe said we have a quiz today?
#milwaukee We are working hard to improve! Let us know if you have any ideas!
Happy Friday (weekend) :)
so we should make laws with the idea they have no social economic effects or ends?
you chillin with us tomorrow?!
Me too! Mostly I just work to not get the white circle above my butt.
I left Crytek almost a year after we were finished with Crysis 2 for a new job in NYC. I have no idea what updates are planned:D
You bet, Daniel. Keep up the great photos & content. Fish on!
College Admissions Counselors can benefit from having a objection handling workshop to use with their students.
getting a kick out of Grayson's beef w/Brookwood. Really impressed with the creativity of the rap vids these kids made.
This officiating is fucking garbage
RT : Cooking dried beans is low maintenance and a super great value... try them in this SIMPLE BLACK BEAN SOUP:...
Michigan's trending! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
and I love the song u don't have to call even though it's old that's my fav song by him tho.. lol
ahahhahah good theory. I didn't think of that. What about Asian girls?!
thanks for the retweet on the Indie Go Go!!!!! :)
how are u awesome youtube channel subscribe to me at SJCOOL13
well, if you want to get technical
:) in that case I'm okay with being awake haha
Absolutely. RT: " if u ever see me PLEASE do that move like in the commercial #please"
Newton crew out for a run that just "happened" to go by one of the most famous bars in Boston!
Working on client projects and such - loving it but I don't get to many events now. How was it?
Very true.. can't go back to old diet once you lose weight & then have to go on new diet. Yoyo diets = losing muscle also.
Injustice can be wiped out, but human clashes and natural boundaries cannot be removed.
Thanks to everyone in the Bearkat family, love y'all! I'm excited for the opportunity on joining the Kansas State Family!
me too “: The #alatt house is going to have a great group of EPIC librarians for #ala12. I'm pretty stoked about it.”
thank you to for being so nice and filling us in on where we can find ed. so sweet, thank you!
live Tweeting golf every weekend is the most interesting about golf. EVER.
I SET FIRE TO THE RAIN.
There's two possible outcomes if the result confirms the hypothesis, then you've made a discovery. If the result is contrary to
U R a dinosaur
happy about the tender offer? Broncos team and fans need u!
how many do you want a day, what is your goal? 623-255-4088 ext1 mst lets talk
NFL steals the night. Santorum, Newt, and Huntsman suffer.
if you need to talk dm me.. dont ever feel soo terrible you dont want too live like they did. things DO get better. i promise.
Is engagement a means to other learning outcomes or an end in itself?
At PhDeets, PhDs can tweet the essence of their dissertation to the world! (In fewer than 125 characters, 2 save space 4 @, #, RT)
TruTV is not available in HD at my house...its almost not worth watching
Watching "The Grey". This film is intense.
already did and not letting him back this time!
Not many options, it seems.
That's awesome! I play any type of games Horror, sports, shooters, RPG, puzzle, Open-World etc. ;)
Legs kicked up in my recliner eating nachoes at cineopolis.
My heart is beaten down, but I'm always coming back for more. There's nothing like love to pull you up ... :)
625 followers.. U guys r great
Mercury goes Direct today! Energy flows better in all communications, technology & transportation. Sign contracts, initiate new beginnings!
Your food pics have been one of the joys of 2011. In LA 1/21-24. Let's EAT!!
It's almost game time...I don't know if I can take this!
Do u like Miami heat or New York Knicks ? please tell me(:
I am having a Bud Light Lime; spent most of the day doing homework. blahblahblah. Peace.
great news!!
Chad is doing very important work through media. It's a great feeling to think about solutions to big problems.
Are you just using me..
Yep:) I Love Them <3
Weeping as I write about the bombing of Hiroshima. Hope alt water isn't too hard on keyboards.
Gee tweeting CAN be fun.....John Cusack!
You flatter, even if mostly untrue ;) Had a blast.
I like pizza
Thanks Chris!
"Intuition is the clear conception of the whole at once." ~Johann Lavater
The Marv Albert Miami shout out!
Hm...is it too early for a sangria..it has fruit in it?
Left my phone somewhere. . .so, if you are looking for me, I'll be checking in online.
I have bad luck .... I think O_o
this magazine says you're beautiful. why's that
ABC is easy as 123 or simple as DO RE MI ABC 123 baby you and me boy(: I love the way you sing this!!!
but I plan to slink from what I think
This weekend is gonna help or hurt, but either way, I'm gonna learn.
I'm old enough to know better, but too young to care (:
Great tip! Try adding in a little exercise before a meal. Even just a 10-minute walk can help decrease your appetite.
Agree!! RT : Wow.. that was a GREAT episode -- the best yet in my opinion.
word. standby
WHAT IS IT
#Caps win in the skills and shoot down Montreal. Yes!
Wow. You must be really dedicated to the walk. :-) I need the bribe of an expensive java as reward.
#ListeningTo "Off to the Races" -
On June 7, the history of a neighborhood will lead a transforming conversation on Change at #TEDxAdMo. Ready to be a FORCE?
En rout to New Orleans
Hi good morning :)
hip hop. don't really know about hip hop subcategories, but kind of like Scott storch sounding
Australian for Beer! Do it
looks like Pachysandra.
Watch for bad apples: slackers, jerks and pessimists
Can't wait to see it Ronnie! :-0
Weave itching like crazy and the #patyourweave does not work
is this making fun of Cole's nose or something
#Rangers with a tough loss. So many missed opportunities
My fat fingers have gotten me in trouble twice today on Facebook. I'm glad I can't accidentally RSVP or send a friend request on twitter.
ur a hater
Let the wild rumpus start! :D Haha, no, no, I would drive you to the ER in a heartbeat, no pun intended!
Condescension: Because you know you're smarter than everyone and they should know too.
in AZ tonight... congress!
#SomeOneShouldTweet and tell him why they should be the number 1 Belieber
MY GIRL INDEPENDENT
Has Jerry ever consiedered getting a twitter? bcuz ik he has a facebook. (if its really him), and JK on Twit seems awesome.
We sure as hell tried. Good effort from one of the best group of men to wear the crimson and blue ever.
Did you that when in doubt all you need to do is take the next small step so enjoy this holiday season step by step
but can it play shortstop? But seriously, is it making him a better pitcher?
Happy Mother's Day to all the wonderful mom's! Jah bless!
Let us help you with your Social Marketing. 700 Tweets for $50. Contact me at .
-AKA- Young Blake. I just finished listening to 'Audio Thoughts Vol.' U SPIT FIRE MY BOY. KEEP IT MOVIN & GOD BLESS! :-)
Honor his career but sadly he made the wrong decision today .
Omg, bunnies! <3
RT : Lemons will repel spiders.
Pats Broncs are not available and either is Young...unfortunately
on campus this morning (bc I'm taking Maymester) - sad to not have coffee with my
Txt my iPod my phones off
#kids Watters Creek "Lucky Duck Kids Club" May Event at Watters Creek at Montgomery Farm, Sat, May 12 2:00p: Lucky Duck Kids Club, a FREE...
Anyone have a link to a tool to check that flash banners are compliant with Adwords policies?
where yhu at bestfriend? Im hungry!
you fuck with guys all the time? Ok ...
Wierd people are normally cool.. its strange people u gotta watch out for.. lol
Life without the is already getting me down
wait a minute... I can Airplay apps to my Apply TV? Or just video from apps?
Hi Noah, please follow back!! :)
my thoughts exactly! Do you happen to know if he's been working on anything with Dance Gavin Dance?
ppl always make everything as either/or. Hip hop can b about fast cars/women and about deeper stuff. Some songs have both.
holy shizzaaaa is sexy. why didn't i know about sooner!
Nearly fell headlong down the stairs due to excessive bell bottoms.
Have you gotten your tickets for the show on the 25th yet?
See Your Favorite Advertising People Get Blown Away in Super Slow Motion
Lol .. RT : Yes, please. RT : So I fully expect a Jeremy Lin/Tim Tebow joint reality show in NYC within the year
tumblr is duh duh duh dead now a days :p nothing interesting same pictures over and over :c
I took a cold shower so I could cool down. But when I got out I was hot all over again
So you're saying I should never watch that show. Got it.
How right you are...
Sitting back or looking forward, how to keep sharp in a fast paced world ://ow.ly/70aqn
": sorry I have a life"yea on my Nuts!!!!!
Just Face The Fact That Im Invisable To You..Just Another Fan To Youu But The Deff Thing About Me Is I Truthfully Like You<U+2665>
We're headed over to the Y on 33rd Street for the Walk for Maryland's Children! Registration begins at 8. Beat the rain with Family Fun!
We sure are! Our Operation Rebound injured military personnel can't wait to ride!
Tell me? how do New Yorkers get away with adding brokers fee to rental property without being a broker......
Damn its still early AF
You should press charges on that individual who threw flour on you. People shouldn't think that they can get away with that!!
What's next?Show who you are! Define #washington #DC at bit.ly/u6RHyv Send videos to !
He is taller than you !!!!
lol yeah and I haven't done anything on it yet!! #screwed but we have tomorrow to work on it too #procrastination :)
Alhamdulillah I don't have to give khutbah today, which means I get to go listen to my beloved Mawlana 'Abdur Raheem Tahir Bandwi (db) :)
If you think it's OK to reduce the deficit WITHOUT raising taxes on the highest earners, just by slashing Medicare than vote Republican
Beautiful day, Ron!
for making smss12 trend... and of course for many other undisclosed reasons :) have a good one
Back from the Amalfi Coast. What a fantastic weekend in a beautiful place with awesome people. Only 3 days till my parents are in Florence!!
Stuck between a rock and hard place & dont kno which direction to turn !
RT Our PR guy speaking at the PR + Social Media Summit at Marquette University. #prsms Good stuff!
I appreciate thoughtful ppl....the little things mean a lot!!
Answered circus circus survey with 'I will never go there again'. So happy to see them continue emailing me with new offers to ignore.
Hey Roy Williams Owners! Looks like he will be OK for week 1, maybe 2. Nice bottle of Wine and a Shoulder Massage and he'll be just fine!
Not having a Cleveland team in the playoffs is so frustrating because I don't root for any other teams.
Marshall is like... Um.. No.
Purchase now! Notice the Solution mirrored in your outside world within 24 hours. App Store - The Source Deck itunes.apple.com
Tweet, Tweet, Tweety Tweet Tweet.
#livetweets from church: "remain in me and i will remain in you." You cannot be serious.
you know I'm not sure, first name is Scarlet but everyone assumes it's her last - I can't remember where Will comes from
What would the google history be of someone in a 3rd world country?
I just gave a homeless man a whole bag of family size pretzels, also a 20oz red bull. It felt good to give. Good karma?
Baby Jay Z
shoe city?
I've always suspected it, but thanks to that WaPo story, it's official. Mitt Romney really IS Niedermeyer from Animal House.
matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter 21
The best comming putta this side of queens is PUT YA MONEY ON IT??
You know it's been a long day at the State House when you find yourself humming the Bugs Bunny theme song.
Just finished a solid workout with
Is Raymond Felton the most hated Blazer since the Jailblazers era? Listening to the radio today, the ire toward him is very un-Portland-like
Vacation means not having to be dressed at 10:30AM. I need more of this vacation thing.
The more I get to see, hear and be around an amazingly attractive woman, the less appealing she typically becomes.
Hooray! RT : Blue Ribbon Pizzeria NOT opening second spot. Chef Wade opening "The Craftsman" instead.Former Savory spot (east E'nitas)
No league standing flags up yet
What if kittens hatched from eggs? I've been trying to determine if that would be cute or weird...
darn you...so bad 4 my diet! Didn't need to know about They r too close to home!
Okay, go ahead be shady like that..
thanks and happy new year to u too!
Still on for 5:15 tonight?
is putting out a mixtape.
Chris Brown lol
wondering when I drop these KANSAS CITY compilations will I get the same support I give out!!!
Just booked my flight to Uruguay and Argentina. Book tour starts June 27th!
Happy Birthday Diane! You are one amazing lady. I am in love with your new book too! You inspired me to write one someday.
they need to make a reality show and put 20 beliebers in one house with only one computer to interact with justin THAT WOULD BE FUNNY OK
Up and ready for my meeting.
'm looking toget some press for thisweekends marathon inAustin.I'm doing blindfolded for charity!
I'm pretending this is for my birthday on the 15th. RT ": NASA is scheduled to launch 5 rockets in 5 minutes early morning March 15!"
Getting soné tickets NeXT week yes
- watchin full house marathon tanners go to disney world! This has to be one of my fav episodes! I love when steve shows up!
If ur absent during my struggle don't expect to b present during my success
lol- it's out of control
to be honest, I'm just as insulted by the "Learn to Code" camp, though.
Good start for #Cotto I would say
Only have to endure the liquid sunshine for one more day then CALIFORNIA!!!
Ha, yeah, I've bought four of those in the last month. More direction would be nice in some areas, though.
absolutely. Specifics make or break a blog post ;)
If you saw the first 10 minutes of 9News last night, you can see why it is important to provide education and discourage drunk driving.
Karmas caught up to me. Shit. Now image stop worrying about girls, it'll all come into place soon enough.
Headed to City Hall today #ROC? The February Camp Biz Kid$ will be selling hot chocolate from 12-2pm today! Come support
Why not?? <U+E416> RT : I jus dont have anythin to say to you
packing my lunch and snacks right now.
I will always be an #ebenator. You're an amazing singer & you can't give up now. You don't need Idol to go big. Love you!
yeah, it would probably be best if I never returned to Mexico.
He's a married man now. His raping days are far behind him.
If the Mighty Mighty Bosstones aren't in your top five ska bands, you need some help...
Lol this. RT Every single tweet on my timeline is about Osama Bin Laden. EVERY. SINGLE. ONE.
Congrats on your win! When and where do you guys play again?
Somebody's gunna miss you, Somebody's is gunna wish that you were here, and that somebody's me.
I want a sitar now.
Stuck in NYC. Misses my flight. Nothing going out tonight. Headed back to the city. FML
Haven't tweeted in a while...been looking for Webb and Badds but I think they're hiding somewhere.
Why must my brother dickride my every move?
fair enough - perhaps bad title. Just trying to make the point that we need to do more early...but appreciate the feedback
CSI and their technology is crazy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Sending out #EDUthanks to the entire #highered community. You are a constant inspiration to us, and push the entire team to always be better
no but all my buddies do. they are getting days off. told not to even come already. one buddy is a cop and say its going to be bad
Hahahahaha oh man do I love you
"A free spin is like taking a woman to the mall & giving her a credit card, she'll be back when she is ready." ~Carter Butler, ATL~
Wondering how I have so many followers with less than a dozen tweets!? Now the pressure's on to deliver!
I got nothing.
I like the "C8tes"!
boom! And my middle part.
Honey!!!!! Ur gonna get my tea clocked!!!!! Delete!
Perhaps the worst part about being home is the lack of Dominos around here.
if need be ... you got it.
loved the American remake of the Swedish film #TheGirlwiththeDragonTattoo directed by David Fincher. What a great film! Beautifully done.
#SMCRVA meeting some of my twitter crushes (no one has confessed their #twittercrush on me yet) w/ and
Congrats! Look forward to seeing you in Montana!
Thanks for the RT Tim!
miss you too even though i'm mad at you.......
Sorry for the big humangous absence I'm back tho :D
I hope you had a wonderful weekend. Thanks for the RT!
Will do! RT : We Producers from Philly. If you are looking for Beats. Hit us -
You're never too old to run down the stairs, slide across the kitchen floor and stop the microwave at 0:01 as if you're defusing a bomb.
yup! Hes here!
Politics? Don't even get me started...that's a subject that could be tweeted on from now until....Fact: They all Lie & we have to choose one
hey, what happened to happy john? Got the week off?
If anyone wants to review ETERNAL SPRING (and my story on Queen Arsinoe II inside it), let me know. I'll get you a copy.
Who has shows this week?
i was tryna get to u know who, to get my hair dyed but niqqa aint answer.
#RespectTheDJ - one of the 4 elements of hip hop - let us know if you need more exposure. Call us 410.513.9199
re: US-France film exh. That was my first question, too. Sounds like those in copyright will only be displayed in reading room?
“: we're excited to try your brew!” Thanks for supporting, we hope you enjoy!
miss ya buddy!! How goes things??
Show us your Halloween costumes!!! What skills did you use to put it together? Sewing, thrifting, welding? Dumpster diving? We want to know!
either I'm trippinballs or mickey mouse is rowdy in my apt.
Thank you! Can't wait to cheer on the Hawks! GO HAWKS GO! ~?shelley?~
Enjoying a Friday night on #twitter is that sick?
Sup bro!?!? I speak to you but you don't respond back. How bout some RT love? WTF?!?!?!
Guess who's in seat 10c?
Spanish better be crazy tomorrow
My own blood sister is trying to shit on me lol
Don't click on link that was just sent to you. Twitter account was hacked! Sorry for inconvenience :(
agreed... Not good in terms of Marta's opinion
aw thanks rebecca!
#3WordsOfAdvice Always Say Please
Who needs a table for tonight??! SICK Bottle special for your wonderful night out with friends! Just shoot us a message to inquire or RT! :)
teblew it. thank god.
G Live 'brought to you by blackberry' come on ESPN, it's not 2008 anymore, who uses 'berries?
Ling Out L, right now. :-D
"Major brownie points" Lmao whaat? :D
“: Does your campus #stuact office do any summer campus programming? What types? What is your typical attendance? #sachat”
Thx for passing along the fix!
I had a crap day too. I hope things get better for you fast.
I will be a busy girl in the spring. On the upside, I'm really getting off on ordering free exam copies of books.
“: #Titans land Steve Hutchinson for 3-years per ”
Hey holmes! Hold it down in Minny for me! Have a great week!! xx
dj Cyn spinnin at Cecilia's Sunday funday come hang out with us!!
If healthcare reform happens, will providers sign up to make less and have more regulation? Only time will tell.
Failures are the tuition you pay for success. When you have a setback, choose to react positively and learn something.
yup, and are you sure you don't hate me?
#canibehonestwithyou I know more about cars than a 14 year old girl should.
I'll look for him next time I'm there. The damn english get everywhere!
...at the coffee shop - studying marketing in the voice over business/
Y do it have to rain today but o well still going to enjoy my day
FREE: Join us at Legacy Church on Friday, April 13 at 6:00 pm as KKIM celebrates 40 Years of Service! Hear messages from Pastor Steve Smoth
Kashi.. it all tastes like cardboard.
I was there for that!:b
don't hate lol
I get that about alcatraz. I find it hard to belive house could practice after the car thing.
Just woke up form my wonderful nap omw to work soon
So does anyone have a reason that the 49ers keep Alex Smith? Seriously even Tavaris Jackson isn't as bad as this guy.
I get depressed by all injuries suffered by professional athletes; they're my livelihood;
Happy Birthday Michelle OBAMA! You are an example of what is possible in this great Country of OURS! You are number 1!
She said she goin be eating dicks and apples all summer!!!
LMFAO! XD Don't you just hate random boners? xD
Indeed! , I think you will find being an alum to be possibly even cooler than being a student!
RT : Once upon a time, #wine was made. And we all lived happily ever after....
very nice! cheers to delish beers!
Found See You at the Top by Zig Ziglar to be helpful-there's always another way, and I'm in charge of it
and I'm flagging you in general (any aspect of life) siting reason: "I hate her."
fuck that... bite all you want... but keep in mind it's hunting season... lawyer up chump...
I think about how we would teach Robotics in Middle and High Schools. Is Robotics part of Computer Science? Mind blowing!
Hooked it up with the brgr black & white malt tonight! Damn I love NY...
watching the tip drill video #tittieseverywhere lmao
lol good luck in the #NBAPlayoffs Where will you be for tonight's Thunder/Mavs game?
Contrary to the opinion of many people, leaders are not born. Leaders are made, and they are made by effort and hard work. Vince Lombardi
Of all the bad beats and close calls this past year, this one feels the worst because its all my fault.
stupid ass hangover Smh Man lol n I got so much HW to do
At Wall Street...
thank you thank you my internet dude! 2012!
Market your business or showcase your talent today with the KOKO Dennis Show at www.kokodennistvshow.com or email us at kokodennistvshow
bro life
Travel Silk Road by rail
such a good movie! Have you ever visited the Christmas Story House?
I can't do bad deeds lmao . I feel so mean
Good! Time to relax, and enjoy! Who has a "moral compass" anymore? LOL!
At Persons of Interest in Brooklyn. Love this barber shop.
Good morning! election monitoring and reporting simulation starts at 9am. Live tweets at the conference until 2pm
Theaters threatening to raise admission of 2-D to buffer 3-D costs + lackluster movies in general = me @ home reading a book.
angry birds is very addictive
Sidecut again soon. \m/
#icanttakeyouseriously if u cant tell me wat u relly wont
thank you so much. I am working on your stuff now.
Oh my god Becky look at her butt oakcisiakkwodidickcoapisidigicic
Open late! Sandwich Emporium Clairemont will open till 10:00pm on Fridays and Saturdays starting on March 2.
my number one favorite from young and the restless
#dafuq. I'm scared to look at your face now.
Ventured into the school today...moved my bookcase (with lots of help) to my new room...negative - room is smaller....positive - blinds
Very true. At least in my case two are not full time and I'm not pretending they are. I've seen ones like you were mocking. ;)
Whoops! Sorry Todd. Good catch.
i see future baby me and you thats how we do
Praise Him.
Loving being with behind the bar before heading to BK to see bestie for a night of theatre
Drive is showing at the Majestic. Wanna see it this weekend? LMK
Which #SuperBowl #commercial was the Best Commercial of #SB46 for you?
whoa whoa! I'll look it up!! Woop.
#GURT2011 attendees, our favorite DC weather blog .....RT : a little warmer weather and still some sun around.
No worries! I am still going through email too.
But how do you find the blogs for the list? There are so many topics one could be interested in.
I think it's a good thing cos girls were saying they'd miss school/campout for days soo that's good. It's only 500 wristbands!
Hi Josh. :) You guys keep up the great work! Proud of you!
lol lil gay ass I remember u had me so mad wit dis shit last yr. Couldn't tell me u wasn't gay. Lmao
Time for bed gotta get up early and go to my daughter thanksgiving party at school GN!!!
Mad flooding on meridian -- avoid the r hand lanes and careful at intersections!!
Share with me...what were you born to do and are you doing it?
Top 3 Natural Stretch Mark Cures – Eliminate Stretch Marks Now ...
If I had known you were three blocks away, I would have come up the street and made silly faces at you thru the window.
moist. Sgdycfuiredjcnvfre dying brb
Pretty sure I'm only back on Twitter to read tweets from
What draws your wrath?
Dealer Expo is finally here! Stop by booth #4753 and chat with us about how we can help protect your ride!
Oh, no. So sorry.
Hey you aren't following me
Oh dear God. No. Lol “: Fifty Shades of Grey conversation going on in the office... have you read it?”
Happy Mothers Day to all wonderful Moms!
i do sit back & just think about how my life has changed .
No Remorse, No Regret. . .
I still miss my ex... but my aim is getting so much better.
twitter time with with
sorry that was supposed to be "No Problem!" not "?" I was typing on my ipad all day yesterday and forgot the ! is a diff location.
aww thank you :) im looking forward to meeting you to!
Does your organization provide rewardsrecognition to employees based on values? For intentional culture don't you think you should?
I finally understand from an emotional point of view how people feel when a loved one gets shot!
Dear apartment building, every other apartment complex has hot water, can we got in on that action? Thanks!
Who Lies About Being Pregnant ? Thats so Over Rated && Just Simple Bruh Forreal
seriously, why not the obvious choice? appears to be available, unless there's a chiseling squatter on it.
The Price Of Success
We've got some FREE tickets to "Our Latin Thing and N'Klabe" concert this Fri - msg us if u want them. 1st come 1st served
Do you think San Diego State has any chance at the upset over Utah?
I think it was more a concern of rooting for someone on the Yankees. Lots of Yankees haters. Of course, I'm one of them...
Thoughts go out to the family of the firefighter who die din Bucks after being at the chemical fire.
Hoosiers beat Illinois and Purdue by double figures. The world is right again (well at least my little piece of the sports world)
News Tiger Woods hit the ball great Friday en route to a bogey-free 67, but the putts still aren't falling DORAL, Fla. &mdas
I didn't take any but my friends did so when they post them you can see
2 MUST-READ books, both by Energy Bus and Training Camp. These are great resources 4 Coaches, Business, Teams & LIFE!
same though omg fndskjfndsk i'll hug travoos for you
what's sat? I'm so outta touch. Not with myself... I touch myself a lot... Therein lies the problem. #SharingIsCaring :))
The high point of my life is sleeping.
if you are looking for a good way to get your twitter life going in the right direction --> literally follow
Thanks for the tweet about BrdsNBz!
Participating in social media will help you understand your clients, their story, & how they interact with others. cc '
to do decent things with their lives, thanks to the fact that the "father's" first wife had left him (due to his drinking, drug abuse,....
God Bless! RT Finally got out of the Biblical times...Johnny Moses is on Twitter!
RT : FOX NEWS REPORTS: Romney Could Make History by Defeating First Gay Muslim President /
Oops, meant to send that tweet from this account! LOL
hmm reading the tribune and discovered the new britney song! not a bad way to start the day.
haha sadly I don't know how. ):
I'm down!!!! Start tonight?
My newfound love for kiwi >>>>
Is It Nice Looking
don't worry disappointed in the not
OK, so who knew editing HD video was so tedious? Today I rendered a 2.5 sec clip that took 35mins to finish. Ugh. 44secs down, 26 to...
and looking forward to riding Mt. Lemmon!
Jesus' heart breaks the poor and my desire is to do what I can to imitate Him.
Finished surveying/taking notes over 's recent posts- time to put it all in the crockpot of my mind & make some idea stew.
Happy round of 32 and St. Patrick's day! Let's go cuseee! If this game sucks at least the luck of irish is on <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
What's up Twitter
Great! That's what I like to hear!
author Matthew Inman live in Bethesda doing a fun lecture and book signing tonight.
Chirp Chirp
There is nothing more unequal than the equal treatment of unequals.
oh you done after that haha
just let russian father know who make you mad, and he will beat them up(:
Gon get high az a kite and write my name in the clouds
well now you know
u crazy, Smoked!!
U dont wanna lose me tho...
r u coming to florida?some1 told me u were and that u were having a concert?if u r plz reply!i wud want to go to ur concert!:)
did you get those emails?
You don't dig Instagram? Or FB? Or the combo? Or you just hate my tweets?
It wasn't easy, but I was in way better shape. Trying to get back to that now.
Sitting here trying to think of something meaningful to say in one sentence.
i wanna open a store next to Forever 21 called Finally22 i bet you femalez will dig it ha #fuhken faded statuz boiiiii
Your so sweet my tweeter!!! Lol
Just got back to the old stomping grounds. Will be here about a day. As always, feels a little weird.
At Soho house with a Grammy winner and a Pulitzer Prize winner!
So I've been following you on IG for a while and I finally checked out your music. Love it! God bless you! :)
Great session on Saudi Arabia, Iraq and Iran at #edusaforum! Tons if information on how to recruit MENA students.
A Secret Service agent in South America
You were in my lineup on my fantasy team in championship game. Oh well its just a game. Merry Christmas
I don't know! I'd pay double! OR, they should offer new releases available at home, I'd pay $20-30 for it.
me*turns AC on* Trav:dont touch that! im telling mom! Me:*thinking* what are you 4?! your 18! go get a job and get off your lazy butt!!! -_-
I weight myself every day and have been doing it for years now.
The polls are in and 64% of people in NC are backwoods hicks that don't know any better
People talking about Portland and quoting Portlandia. 2012's "Winning. "
Were watching a movie
Pretty cool movies. Had no idea this was available Watching Saw 4
Just closed up my first bottle of scratch-made ginger ale. Will let you know in ~48 hours how it turns out. :) /cc
One-legged donkey kick!
I would be in fake Italy heaven. How is the PIZZA at the Italy Pavilion?!
don't tell me happy mother's day. that's disrespectful.
Thanks and Happy #FF to you!
Ginger...did you use a filter on that? Because if you did, that's 10 demerit points.
pineapple, pear, lime or same recipe but add kale
We use indeterminate sentencing to give inmates a chance to serve reduced sentences due to good behavior or rehabilitation
its cool, jus keep ya ass home n try ta make 2g's cuz
#DEAD DEAD RT : You gotta watch fat people, theyll eat the filter after they smoke the cigarette
lord no haha my muscle just wasn't agreeing with the implants so he has to go deeper in my muscle haha
First ride of the season, I'll give you a redo haha! Keep training!
sorry I had to dash! son to science experiment: catapults! It was great to follow you for a bit. Amazing, impornat conversation
None so far, as I haven't succumbed to the Foursquare obsession yet.
The art of running for President is to work super hard but make it seem like this is all second nature to you.
": Happy thanksgiving I hope all is well out there." Happy thanksgiving to you and yours.
you guys have great communication skills
ok...how you spell "Swole"?
how yew doing?
Being different, being an individual IS beautiful be who you are and spread love not hate that's being a stained glass heart
Can't sleep. :/
Is it just me or is Andrew Garfield,hot?!?haha
"Electric Relaxation" plays in my head every time it rains in NYC! Thanks #ATCQ ( & )
Once, in 1998, I read a website's terms and conditions page
I take 4 days off & the first thing I read coming back is Liggett has fired just about everyone & is on "hiatus". Wait, what?
i DONT WANT TO SEE YOUR NAKED TWEET PIC I QUESS IM SO CALLED A GENTLEMEN RIGHT
RT RT : Saving up for a mixer and getting back into my house music again.
went riding today with friends... awesome time in the sun! =) <3 Summer time is coming finally!!!
All writing is done for the next album now for the hard part Who's serious about recording?
with all the criticism about the Time magazine cover, I still haven't heard anyone mention how lucky that kid is
I hope you feel better.(:
Being that its nice out ima face a L to the neck and stare at the sun .
I'll be rocking the red tonight. How bout that Sawx victory!
When you text someone and see them tweeting or on instagram/Facebook - YOU SUCK. Gtfo.
Yall dont 4get to follow my boy the man hustles #realtalk April 27th we at the House of Blues DfW where u at.
trio doe
wlmao...how did u find that out
Got try n qet this money for my man n our lil boy.! Its time we qet our own place.!
Maxwell: talking about recent research on the impact of increased openness.
Doosan Infracore Construction Equipment welcomes important Middle East ... - AME Info
(cont) one stop light hes blasting GnR Sweet Child O Mine. Me: still in tears* Guy: WHERE DO WE GO NOW OH WHERE DO WE GO NOW
thanks dude, where were you lastnight? Don logan went in B O G O T A!
true gentlemen
can't fucking wait to got to our first Wrestlemania next year in the dirty Jersey. Hall of Fame and Mania
I really want to see Snow White and the Huntsman!
The Naked and Famous Live at the Vogue Nightclub. Doors open 7 PM, show at 8 PM. Non-smoking event. $17
Tomorrow I won't be so socially inept
Ugh ! I would love to punch him in his face rite now !
I'm so very sad my heart is broken I LUV THE BEASTIE BOYS peace and luv ADAM we will miss U!!!
do you and also like those scented markers?
Hiking up stream towards the El Vado dam this morning. The air is crisp the view is incredible!
C'mon Hoosiers! A W tonight would make for a great end to this weekend.
i know it will be <3 just throw ya headphones on and leave the world in the dust
hey how was ur sunday?? (:
no prob on the rt chk out my beats on myspace.com/djlilsyn
What a brilliant day! Everyday there is something new to learn and grow. Now time to unwind.
it may be crazy but I might just go to an apple store at 9 and wait tomorrow. Cross my fingers.
Do you folks have a mobile library vehicle? Could be a true amenity in underserved communities.
What`s the deal with Balloonists in Albuquerque flying so low over peoples houses? Feels like they`re peepin in on my sex life.
It was wonderful meeting you yesterday at #bkdiyba. Please send my love out to Portand, OR & the wonderful west coast Brittany
The article is specific to the touch, but yes, I know exactly what you're talking about. I understand the counterarguments.
yeah... wife talks always hit a man's soft spot. i want one! i wanna be someone's soft spot in their heart!!
yeah for sure! That's gonna be a fun game to watch tomorrow
Seattle one is really awesome too! Tom Leykis mentioned it on his show--I miss his show... and flashin truckers!
no those never look good
S/O to my follower
yes you?
Also a big congrats to who today officially became a US Citizen!
you're welcome :)
iwant to go see Katy Perry Part Of Me in 3-D
grayco.com/events has an up to date list of events. As new events are added, this page will be updated.
Dropping your phone in a pool<<<<
#FF & we are hella tight. We piss each other off sometimes but ayy, what are friends for :) love y'all
i dnt play games but if i happen to be into one burner to his melon jus my version of temple run
Why am I hearing trains at 11:47 pm?
school's rather beat. cell.
Hey cousin, nice to see you on twitter! Looking forward to your culinary tweets!
1997 MAHOMIES(: I don't think we've talked before?
You see alexis, I was telling you no, I will not shut diagonal. Stupid!
I think today, I buy a pumpkin.
I don't mind Justin, not at all. It's his psycho fans like you that make me irritated at him. I'm done now. Goodbye weirdo.
Flag Room? Lol
People don't understand that your schedules won't be finished changing until July.
If you don't like what you're doing, then don't do it. ~ Ray Bradbury
Same people wanted Steve Beuerlein over Aikman
Check out the website of my latest film www.thelastghosttour.com
“The dreamers are the saviors of the world.” #James Allen
Happy Birthday Prince!I wouldn't be able to get you anything but I'll be sure to spread the peace and wear lots of green!!
Yep, plenty of brilliant lines
You may now eat the bride...
: #Food Factory. What is that!?! it sounds like a place i need to know.
Love ! Thanks for being here in Nashville.
Philadelphia Inquirer Wins Public Service Pulitzer Prize For ‘Assault On Learning’ Series
Hey, - Congratulations on the record-setting season! You will always have tons of fans here in Rochester!
My 3,000th tweet--a special shoutout and thanks to all of you who are mothers! "Every mother is a working woman!" :-)
Will someone bring me a glass of white wine? I'm in booth 318
ever since you posted the video of you and filming(and you had a cricket in your mouth)I've been eager to see it!
shit mang! How bout those C's! No rondo no problem! Still bangin #OnlyOne on Q! #Boston All Day
How was everyone's Fourth of July? Enjoyed a fun day at the Marina and fireworks show with my family! Now back to work!
you're so lucky I'm stuck in Cali
I've never had that problem before coming to Bali. Now it's happened twice- both times by myself!
Well now that football is over, what else do I have to look forward to? Star Wars Episode 1 in 3-D? Really? 2012 sucks.
This is exciting news! Partners in the Fight for Immigration Reform that Moves America Forward « NAFSA: Association of International...
RT : Practice was good. Getting prepared to be apart of something special. Friday night lights.
Look Mayweather will whoop Manny's ass. So shut up
And if you notice, none of them are wives. lmbo
Powerball winner in RI...perhaps my MIL?
Now I am officially on my way to Galveston!
Thank you for the RT, Jamie! What do you think?
droppin that solo album tomorrow. Yeah buddy.
Welp. That's unfortunate. Guess it's the price of being awesome?
Still haven't decided about
i get what i want cause i ask for it, not because i'm really that deserving of it.
hey everyone
it would be a pleasure to have you!
Break out the tissues. It's beautiful but will be a bad allergy day.
Opening at 5pm tonight, with happy hour from 5-7pm!
hopefully soon! We are releasing our new album soon, and then we hope to do some touring again :)
tickets on sale at noon. Now waiting in queue. Good for them! Bad for me!
Working Sugars tonight, sugarsperfect.com Austin.
"A fly in the ointment isn't nearly as disastrous as a spider in the lube."
yea man you can stream at facebook.com/airwavesignite or buy it from iTunes for only $0.99!
In the republic of mediocrity genius is dangerous.
Is pinterest really mobile? Mobile site doesn't work too well in my experience
Bout to turn in. Goodnight world.
Go Packers!
#describeyoursexlifewithamovietitle I Am Legend
#TOP25CartoonSeriesOfAllTime Jem...I went way back :-) :-) :-)
Why are they called 'Jolly Ranchers'? Who said that the ranchers were jolly?
well aren't you fancy! Have fun!
We're glad to hear it! :)
our pleasure!
INCORRECT REACTION: RT : There's a fire in USC, nice :o
Simmons hits a grounder THROUGH Hrbek at first and down the line and into the corner! Simmons around 2nd, rounding third!
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. Eleanor Roosevelt
you're crazy!
How about doing a chocolate tour?
Whoohooo! is considered "industry!"
do I need to get shots before coming?
I've said it a thousand times already, I don't have any friends. I don't need friends either. I have music. (:
could not agree any less with you
not to be confused with GoDaddy dot com
I forget sometimes. Most times.
Oh the joys of getting up at 6 am
RT : We're all calling it "Rebecca Black Friday" now right?
Rules when texting a girl: 1) Don't take an hour to reply. 2) Use good grammar. 3) Ask questions. 4) Use the ":)" face.
I could but I'm not cause I gotta take a shower and do hw haha maybe later lol
Happy hump day! Get err done!
I c boo an that whacka video. An this my song! Do yo thang girl
Following the footsteps of and taking 19 credit hours & running cross-country next semester.
Oh, the crushing sadness of Firefox add-ins that only work with older versions of Firefox.
Air quality warning for San Antonio today. Don't breathe if you can help it.
I liked it too! Was cracking up.
Where are all my #mahomies at!?
Your autographed Vikings jersey silent auction item helped raise $ for Fundraiser: Duets recently. Thanks!
lmfao yeah fuck no, school can do die.
thanx ' love you too
Really enjoying #dirtysoap on e! Great job &
Reminder: Twestival Flashmob is coming up! Visit www.HoustonFlashmob.com for more information!
Only 6 fans left to complete 100 fans on Facebook! Who is gonna be
RT : Pittsburgh needs a NBA. Rich niggaz let's make this happen!!!!
I'm going to bed goodnight all!
Great week for the company, Saved the day for Ace hardware of Greensboro, NC! Hope to do more business with them in the near future.
I saw an albino polar bear once..
I just wanna go to the mountain tops and yell :(
Low-key relationships last the longest.
Kobe has not looked right since that incident in Denver. Cheeks hollow.
If u love Art please follow my other account to check out some art. Thx:)
Haha, State Farm Bobby Knight discount double-check commercial is pretty good! He's no , but still funny!
didn't know packing was so stressful... just step back and breathe
. Didn't even see Camille's, but seemed Starbucks & Quizno's was all that was open. How hard is it to f' up an egg sandwich?
#20ThingsAboutMe: I get annoyed super easy
Lmaoo oomf text me and ask was she crazy... hell yea but ladies us men will rarely admit it but we adore crazy chicks
cute is what we aim for...duh
I do not believe that is the case
love game. Lady gaga.
You can only fight fire with fire so many times, until everything burns down
W.brooklineelectric.com for same day power restoration services by a San Francisco electrician
just workin' away...lol! How's the east coast?
Just saw on with talking about That's a lot of @'s.
And I love because he is so easygoing and just lets things go :)
Just saw Miami leaving the Crescent heading to practice, wanted to give Lebron the finger... but were classy in Dallas.. Take note Lebron
You back....and now this
David broke my flower... he was just picking it up & then, omg.
#HOWTOPISSAMANOFF TELL HIM HIS DICK TAST JUST LIKE HIS DADDYS
tonight at The Magic Stick wsg: The Prime Ministers! 8 PM party people!
cause I wont tell her something. *Laughs a little and blushes lightly*
Coughing so hard my ribs are hurting
Is it so much to ask for my best friend back...?:/ oh yeah...it is...:'/
I used to be a sweet person - that was before all the lies, cheating, broken promises & countless heartbreaks.
Congratz to Larry for being like #69 on our facebook page! Shoot us your info so we can send you your sticker!
I guess lies will b told until the world blows!
MUCH much higher. ;)
Names make or brake you. Today's name: Princess Crump. i shit you not
only when I'm bored ha, u should go to long bar Wednesday havnt seen u in a hot min
Today’s Abbot Kinney Specials: Soups of the day are Carrot Ginger soup and Broccoli soup. Sugar Free Lemonade is Watermelon Rosemary.
In Lib Dub, after 6 is the most productive time. Doing lit review of anthropology done in the US and urban anthropology.
As well as Eyre, Neshek, Villareal, Paulino, Tolleson. So much depends on how the big league pitching situation shakes out.
Nokia Lumia 900 Review: Best Windows Phone So Far
. real men are. no real man listens to limbaugh. his audience is comprised of cognitively/emotionally-stunted little boys.
No, but what if the world ends and I spend all my money on tickets and don't even get to go?!
i dont care
You can get what you want if you help enough people get what they want. -Zig Ziglar
S/O to my partners and holding down the O for years! Powerhouseorlando.com and Kheep.com check dem boys
About to go check out these Concert After Parties.
Who's your fave crew member?Tweet us name& location by 9am & we'll pick a tweet at random for you both to receive DD cards.
taking the day off today in celebration of homemade creme brulee. Love dessert that requires fire.
Retweet- if you wanna be in my bio .
Thanks We're excited to bring the race to the #Yorkshire area! If you guys need anything from let me know!
People will take advantage of you when they know your weakness!!
"I suck Justin's..." Woah there. That's just sick.
I get irritated real quick
"All labor that uplifts humanity has dignity and importance and should be undertaken with painstaking excellence." -Martin Luther King, Jr.
I know i miss it. :(
I haven't done homework in over a month. It's wonderful and terrible at the same time :///
Running jump / kiss = success
Why is Esquire's sexiest woman in the world is Gospel? There's a new one every 6 mo's. Minka KellyOct10-Katrina BowdenJune11-Rihanna Oct11
I'm missing over 1700 files from my iTunes account b/c of iCloud and iMatch - look for your booklets
You're like Road Runner! Can't keep up with ya!!!
m last night i had oberwise cookies & cream ice cream(;
Life is great, weather is gorge, shopping on the list @ Adventura, video shoot for today, more projects & events...
My local NPR station informed me that there were DONKS at the capitol building yesterday!HOW COULD YOU LET ME MISS THEM? I LOVE DONKS!
Audition time, third call back today!
All i do is ME
Field trip to the office my company is moving to. Oh boy. It's pretty.
Same guy I thought was so rude before just gave me my purse I left behind. :)
I'm from PGH too, where we wave at strangers who smile and climb in those crumbing factories and turn them into new things
Jacks was SO much fun. I tried to teach my kids recently. Was amazed at how much I suck at it now.
You can always become the person you would have liked to be.
Did Abraham Washington sign Batista too?
My mom scored two tickets to the New York City Ballet at SPAC. I'm so freakin' excited.
Good example - some of the longer clips Rob has put together are very good
Text You of the day...What do you really want to be doing? If someone gave you a million dollars cash - what would you do every day?
I love when it's hot outside and you can clearly tell who are the gays and who are the straights.
Oh Robert stop it, I'm pretty sure you married with children! XD
#ancientgreek quote of the day - G<U+03C1><U+03B9><U+03AC> a<U+03BB>ep<U+03BF><U+03CD> st<U+03B7><U+03BD> pa<U+03B3><U+03AF>da de<U+03BD> p<U+03B9><U+03AC><U+03BD>eta<U+03B9>. - You can't catch an old fox in a trap.
My Lab does the same thing! She usually tries to get on TOP of the book too...
Those costs vary depending on the product and quantity. Email and we'll give you a quote.
cool! Don't seem mad to me, but consider the source:)! Here's to in-sanity!!!
Watching Brooklyn 11223 with Viggle Mon | 11PM | Oxygen Get real rewards just for watching TV.
.EVERYONE!! PLEASE REFOLLOW ME AT I GOT HACKED!!! REFOLLOW ME!! AND I FOLLOW BACK IF U ASK!!!!
Hanging out with tonight in DC!! :)
I know this great guy, Harvard dropout though. His name is , awesome dude, totally honest and trustworthy
What do you think of a narrow ai system that creates intellectual products and services and distributes them for people
At risk of being unoriginal- this weather is AWESOME!
Mos def lil bro. Im very proud of u. Keep up the good work. GOD bless. 100
AND THAT. IS ROADHOUSE.
Happy Valentines Day Everyone!!!! Love and be loved:))))
So great to see everyone tonight! I think a holiday get-together is definitely due!
It's important to say things while you can, because when it's over, it's over.
My allergies are fucking killing me,
PVLA trains new legal services coordinators this week and opens for intake Jan. 9
Ok thought I lost a fantastic dress for tomorrows SFW show- thank you Hotel Indigo for finding it! I will bring you cookies tomorrow!
Great show tonight!
AMEN that's the truth!
just got eliminated this morning, layin on the beach now gettin in shape for piff season
Everyone ain't the 1, she needs to stop falling so hard!
RT : I'll be back later...keep the shoutous going! Still along way from 1000 Winner receives a Play-On bracelet
#reallybadChristmasjokes How do sheep in Mexico say Merry Christmas? Fleece Navidad!
And this is how we bring it! Really bring it to the table! RT We have to 'embrace' ALL of our DNA (via )
The gas in mexico and china.
Getting drunk dialed by ex boyfriends rocks. Getting drunk pocket dialed by ex boyfriends rocks even harder.
just followed
You can get some sympathy from about this.
The #Cincinnati uniforms are awesome
well you could have talked to my bestest frann on twitter..and we have talked before..
listening to this now. Pretty hilarious.
#DistractionoftheDay - the photo of that posted earlier
Ha! That's great, cause I can do German immigrant so well (although the smell of sauerkrat cooking sort of turns my stomach).
I nominate for a Shorty Award in #football because he tweets just the right amount during football season
aight tell me when u do and ill get mine
whenever i get an email from it makes my whole day!!
why that one?
and the fact that opposing running backs run out of bounds for no reason, fumble the ball ect lol
Phillip Phillips is singing last so it's clear the producers want him in the finale. :-/ ...can't wait to watch tonight anyway.
Waking up late <<
What a fantastic Friday! Lots of sunshine, mid 70's. Nothing against Fox 6 but I can't wait to start my weekend!
Fourth cup!!
Good morning to u all may this day continue to be a gift of jesus amen..
Ugh, waiting again but yes, Sharon Needles for the win
Rick Lee and the Night Owls this Friday at 9pm.
Wow. On Wednesday, I made reservations for 12:30 pm. Hope they honor the reservation, even if I don't get the specialer deal.
Not a video I know of but I know there are a couple of podcasts on about
last night visiting in maryland, cap it off with some luxury cable television.
the one over the o :)
This Aint The End,,.............Im More Like The Must Be Continued Issue.
Ugh I'm so tired after that, but god does it look good!!!
he always fake on yall plans
done and followed :)
#WFUD12 Chuang: credit and citation are the most important parts. But essentially no moral rights in American copyright law.
...I suppose the Women's Health Program suit makes this case #18 in Texas vs. the Feds.
That's a beautiful picture!!
I'll go.
who is going to watch tonight? vote for the best.,,, are left
Such a simple, yet smart idea: , which launches today, makes group gifts more fun/less annoying: bit.ly/q5yTEv (via fastcompany)
Last year.(: you?
An Egg unfollowed...is that even possible?
The first instinct in a crisis is to act immediately. Just do something. But take the time for a viable plan.
Thanks for the follow!
is my email working? people are slacking. now let me try to pull what they're doing right now and won't I get called out.
is that right! I'm not tripping!
Pinterest for health winner on this board for sure. Excited to see it grow!
missing Charlotte
Back to the Future is a modern classic! Great work. I'm also particularly fond of the Cuban-jazz score to "Soapdish"
“: Don't worry dude, he'll meet my pimp hand pretty soon :)”
thanks for all of the RTs! hope you are well!
8K starting units with $10 dealer add-on for 2K units, and 30 minute levels starting at 25/50
let's be honest, your brain didn't even go down to Miami with you. ; p
Frankenstein pint glasses are in the house! Get yours before they're out. $5 for the first beer and then $2 refills!
Miami I am coming for you soon. See you in 7 hours.
WHAT'S GOOD WAKA THIS JSMOVE TRYING TO GET U ON CHROMEKORLEONE NEW ALBUM FOLLOW HIM ON TWITTER HE USE TO BE SIGNEDw/3 6 MAFIA
Confrontation w/LAPD? Could it be that a cop wanted something and the guy said no? maybe he hasn't done anything wrong??
Another fantastic night of local music at - thanks to the amazing performers and the fans for everything! FanOF
Wow what a night - Alumni Society Casino night, NFL Draft, Rangers Win Game 7!! And even Devils win their GM 7. Great night
Yeah, I found that out as well. I think it's a combination. Day is good, just getting off work. How's your day?
Could someone please convince this fly to stay still long enough for me to swat him?
Hey fans! We are at the #Milwaukee #Admirals for #Vday !
I WILL EAT THEM ALL
Beauty & the Beast!!
Errbofy knows Sean Howard does not gang bang.
Trust us, you won't want to miss this Halloween happening! Buy tickets today at lostweekend.eventbrite.com and enter discount code getlost.
#astd2012 humility is the x factor along with a ferocious will! Jim Collins
hahahaha, v festival tickets ordered!
I know I know,I'm awesome;)
What part of Alabama? You have family there, right?
well thank you!:)
I love when the local news tells you what's "in"
There's a thriving subculture on the subway composed of middle-aged guys with mini boomboxes who think they're the COOLEST.
Glad I got dvr so I can watch the #regularshow anytime I want
Long overdue moral victory! Heh heh. RT : THIN RED LINE (film) o.k. I admit that it's a five star film.
Who wears flip flops and sock when it's raining?!?
Levi leer Mixtape release & Pastor Troy movie release TONIGHT!!!!! @ #PearlBistro Be there!!!
is at the Cleveland Zoo.
hey seattle friends, pure bathing culture is opening for at barboza aka jr on 4/21 (record store day!)
lol I know. We need to do something tonight though!!
Urghhhh I'm so pissed right now. I need a big long bear hug :( ...and don't let go -_- lol
Another audition today. Time to add to the resume:)
"They're big, they're long, they bang you" - Hubie Brown, talking about...porn?
I hope the Nuggets come in more prepared and shock the Fakers in LA.
Well....um....your a jabroni
Can't say I've seen him sign yet, no
Most interesting idea = museum not allowed to use social media. That's like... not being allowed to have brochures.
he lives in Miami.
I love how #DowntonAbbey depicts the first wave of #feminism. Most people think the women's rights movt. evolved in the 1960's. No so.
aww! So glad you two connected :)
jealous! Have fun!!
Life Doesen't Come With A GPS, And It Should'nt. You need to know exactly what direction you're heading.
Happy hump day folks! Enjoy it with some freshly tapped brews, like 's "Admiral" Stache and Weekend at Louie's for your enjoyment!
I'm developing a new horror monster, part werewolf, part wolfman = wolfwolf
nothing yet - very cool - hope you like it!!
Good morning from Chicago.
I got a question, how fucked up are you?
Presentation Coaching - if you can do a live demo, seriously do a live demo. People comprehend and remember what they can HEAR AND SEE
it's not quiet enough for him.
what's that?
Thanks for RTing us!
was curious myself about pump.
bro. I miss you.
ok...is it possible to save each page of a word doc as a separate file? easily and named using mail merge?
Every person on earth gets 24 hours, that makes us all equal. Its what you do with yours that makes us unequal
Wow. absolutely beautiful opening for
Great Third Thursday networking with UNF Alumni! Every third thursday come to Seven Bridges Jax to have fun!
Get ready to party Fat Tuesday style & pack on an extra FREE patty at tomorrow and make your burgers doubles all day long!
Make a music video of the week request!!! Request a music video or just request an artist/band/group
Social media tip for businesses: Interact with your audience even on the weekends. Five minutes a day will build engagements and connection
You are a living magnet, what you attract into your life is in #harmony with your faith, belief and positive thoughts......
#nowwatching Culture clash
yeah new testament sounds terrible. But I gott catch some zs maria, can't have you keepin me on twitter all night
lol hey someone was asking for you but I forgot who lol
Ive been crying ever sense I got home from school! Plus a few more things in top of that.
We are getting an estimate for hardwoods throughout the rest of our house today bc our carpet tastes are too expensive. :)
I guess having a US education has its perks
Thanks Doug for the kind words and for printing "It's Either Now or Never" with us!
Come on down and grab lunch in the parking lot from right now!
& You guys are officially my stalkers of the night...
Common sense isn't that common. If it was, ux designers wouldn't be needed.
Hey Kim...ask the Grizzlies to reply to my tweets. Thanks.
A beautiful-sounding #cccc12 panel on rhetoric and choral arts is at the same time as a music panel with Rice, Rice, Sirc, and Rickert. Sad.
...who did extraordinary things, then we can be very optimistic. Madison's breakup was especially revelatory, I thought.
Adding all sorts of fall merchandise from #Carhartt, #Key, #Dickies etc. So excited to wear long sleeves & layers again!
If You Get A Haircut Everyday CENZO Will Be #BALD D:
Okay, it's getting cold outside. I'm going inside.
virile grass often sleeps just beneath the surface of dirt blanketed lawns, waiting patiently for hard rains to nudge her awake
#IfICouldIWould YOLO it to the max (;
Thanks for meeting this morning Starting to read your book "Brainfluence", intriguing.
Yes, my books are widely available. Harper's offering a special deal on EPIC FAIL (YA) right now--only 2.99 for the ebook version!
what a coinky-dink that you would message me when I am on my break from class smoking a pfunk and vintage shopping!!
of course babies! How about a good ole skypey conference with baby j? 6:30 your time
Great Finale and Great commercial
Second place!!!!
Hearing about the multisensory transmedia campaign for GoT. Smell "the crypt!"
I'm gud u must have been eating.....done got nice and fluffy?
Ah, tea.
Which point guard will have the better career? Jeremy Lin or Ricky Rubio?
Officially ended my excursion to SES NYC, had a great time met a lot of great marketers! Going to blog it soon.
Goodnight folks!
Missing the Go!!!¡¡¡ Right now
If there is magic on this planet, it is contained in water.
Ha LIz You can do it ,get out your crayon? betchya your kindergarten teacher saw your future with your first scribbles!
I can only be board for so long then I go insane then realise I am all ready insane Then go back to being Board :/
I would say go for it motivate and inspire. It's what I do everyday with my preschoolers.You become motivated and inspired.
Great Obama pic!
A same thang when I was working at ups them bitches be vultures lmao
Its sad to see the pregnant girls say.. "the only man i need in my life is my son" you said YOLO he said YOYOB <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
recognizes Martha Selma Beck as first African American troop leader in central Indiana
Me too * grabs Pink oil moisturizer* RT : Time to wrap my hair
Studies find that those who eat the most fiber gain the least weight over time.
He is a great guy super sweet a gentlemen I wish I could have him as like my best guy friend!
#Wholefoods in Kailua?I think im going today! #wholefoods #kailua #gluten free #organic #fresh produce #lamb #hazelnuts #pizza #egg plant
REALLY tempted to keep my hair green (or blue) but had sad realization that I should probably look "professional" for my internship. Sigh.
Gehring“Ryan budget turns centuries of Catholic teaching on its head Catholic leaders are tired of faith being misused for an immoral agenda
Bwahaha! RT: twitter is odd name 4 place w bunch of hot girls who flirt but will never sleep w u. Would called it high school.
I think Hans Ulrich Obrist must be a robot sent back from the future.
I couldn't tell when or who was the last girl I dated that went to my school when I started dating them.
On which day?
Nice zipper #Google!
Sweet I can already hear the sounds of us sippin on margaritas with our toes in the sand! Call you soon to plan! =)
Why is nd so pumped to beat Syracuse?
~thanks for answering my questions.
calming my nerves before my thesis presentation.
please do share your new fragrances with social media in "Real-Time'.
how much n hour fo that
hahaha yes its harder to get to follow me than a famous person lol
love the pic you sent us!!! :) you know we have posters at our online store right?
Dolphin fan just jumped into the tuna net.
sometime I feel like given up and say light my boy said f*** the world
hahaha oh well. Best he doesn't know who it is XD
"Preference for Hispanic or latino? A: no preference" a bit of difference among coasts.. But if have I pick: Hispanic via
Just saw an ad on Facebook for Team Epilepsy. Obviously I haven't been keeping up with Twilight.
CNN is holding back but their exit polls show the same. I want the campaign to last longer...a Gingrich victory would help!
"What's it called? Never heard of it" - -Stop using this excuse
I'd ask "Who's there?" but I have a pretty good idea that the answer would be "Beth."
I was in Louisville and I SCREAMED IT OUT THE WINDOW!!" #A Day! 7
Bout to go retake this math test...
MB this singing in my dreams whit: #roc #prodigy #priceton and #rayray lol!!
Great. We'll see you there!
Respect is earned. Respect is never given. If you want respect, respect those people around you.
Aw, that girl has a big black "X" on her hand, how adorable
I WAS ON HOLD FOR OVER 30 MINUTES, then a rep talks to me for 5 mins, then puts me on hold, and HANGS UP!
Greetings DrSuad: The PHC talk sounds like one I NEED to hear! Was it recorded? (fingers crossed...)
"NOTHING has ever worked for me. But FINALLY, I found a weight-loss pill that WORKS. All Natural, Safe & Effective" - Your Weight-Loss Coach
People who exercise recover more quickly from the stress by growing neurons in their brains that are less responsive to stress
WOO WOO
I saw a report saying hydrogen cists $2 per gallon and potentially has up to 70 mpg in cars. where you at? Get one on the line!
Thanks for SO, Hilton!
You're awesome Jim. How was Dallas?
Chillin w/ Molly tonight. I haven't seen her in a week ._.
I love Adventure Time. It's amazing. xD
happy to follow!
Pepsi 300,000 employees w 150 friends on #FB - a great network for co. to leverage, not to "shut-down" Forbes post soon.
AJBombers Twitter TV getting some behind the scenes upgrades!
Great, thanks I will check your page out!
why is she doing that?!
birthday breakfast skewers this morning.
Very nice. Thanks
Have to have a background check to be re-certified as a USA Ultimate coach. # of addresses in the last 5 years? 7. In 4 states.
snow in philly this weekend... im not pleased
you go girl
Oh thank goodness. Rigsby is still alive.
Out of here for the weekend!!! Woo! Have a good one
Only one serious fail out of five experiments in infusing liquor. Still better with hot sauce.
A reminder not to be risk-averse comes up at #PRSAHoosier board retreat. Be willing to #fail. How many of your goal start with that?
RT : " FOLLOW YOU " my original song on YOUTUBE ~BRINGING THE LOVE BACK TO R&B & POP~ #G_Nation S/O
HAHAHAHAHAHA. Maybe you should run up (and down) a few hills?
Whoa, what!?
Just texted you can only stay in the rain if your wearing a white t shirt. Yup I said that to a girl! would kill me if she could
So bored lol
I meant did u *talk to him
RT : I think that XMIII should be Porcupine Tree Live at the Royal Albert Hall, if you agree, RT!
It's IPA FRIDAY with Specials all day. Do you know were IPA comes from? It's not from a stork, we already googled that..
Are you wearing a Packers Jersey?
OMG! I'm moving back to Chicago and working at Groupon!!!!!!!!!!! (DEEP sarcasm)
I'm interested in having an artist open at upj show april 20th. can we talk?
#celebrating USA's independence with homework, #bbq, #fireworks, and oreo stuffed chocolate chip cookies. , these ones ROCK!
ooh well i like it :)
Looks like the GOP is taking a knee on the goal line.
Planned my Disneyland Grad Nite with today! Gonna be so much fun :D
STOP SPAMMING ME FRANK
Otherwise known as
AMAZING photos! Welcome home.
halfway through a box of samoas and it's only 9:45 a.m.
Just learning how to make helicopters today...no big deal
When Harry thrusts during Up All Night while he sings "People Going All The Way, All The Way" >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
Oldheads know everything
We just ran into a guy with a Mcoupe at the mall. 2007 with under 3k miles on it. Mint
eh, according to who/what? Like Nas said, never on schedule but always on time.
Thank You Earica !
RT : 28% : I wonder how much battery had left on his phone”
We are open Christmas Eve. 9AM - 2PM
so is on the phone with me creating possibility! I <3 it.
I bought them already guuuurl;)
Seeing the most loving, kind, generous, successful and all around baller person I know on Wednesday: ! So excited!
Who wants to be my slave
- Oh def! Time for a girls night! Let me know. Miss & love you too!
Thanks for the #FF, !
Twitter changed for me today, mirrored itself
There's only a matter of time b4 that storm hits!
wait what?
16U Houston Hoops defeat Howard Pulley White 62-39
Who is the best foreign band you have recently heard?
Watching bridesmaids!! <3 it!!
Oh babe - sending love :)
Enjoyed the WVU game in Morgantown this past weekend. It was very sad about UCONN's Jasper Howard, but was handled well by fans and players.
Happy Mother's Day to some very awesome ladies!!
yeah I can't complain. So are you tired of me yet?
Thanks. The comments are a mess, though, all about whether Chinese has one 3rd-sing pronoun (speech) or 2 (writing)
Thank you for the RT, amigo.
good morning Alex (:
Arlo Guthrie took the stage - playing Alabama Bound, 1913 Massacre and I Hear You Sing Again. Beautiful!
Don't a little cold stop from having fun go on out and have a good time just be responcible about it. especially with frozen roads
TRAFFIC ALERT: Injury crash WB Beltline near Fish Hatchery Road. Use caution in the area.
One of the best ways to support independent music is attend local concerts.
RIP game 3
Thanks for all of the info today in class! You were tons of help!
accept it!!!!
#SometimesIJustWant to hear your voice
oh well thats good :-)
Thanks to everyone who checked out our new promo site www.scoresluda.com and gave great feedback.
although a bit "degrading" but who cares? about 60/week night and 300+ on weekend nights
how many are there?
oh its ok
I think this calls for some research!
screw oysters!! Crabs it is.. Lol
Art is the only way to run away without leaving home. ~Twyla Tharp
": Ignore a #Scorpio and they will make sure you never forget them."
I never tweet anymore. :(
Love Q & A concept. Provides "memorable experience" convert causal fans into brand loyalists
i like your website..Who designed it??
You make me want to kick dogs, your just such a bitch
Congratulations on winning a 1 year membership giveaway to ! Please message us with your contact information.
Thanks at you!
Anyone want the good old days back? Like May 10, 1990?
Why did God invent economists?So accountants could have someone to laugh at.
That annoying balance between wanting to do fun things and NEEDING to study...good thing summer is two days away :D
We're so happy to be featuring the Upper St. Clair choir today during our broadcast. Thanks to them for sharing their love of music with us
Have a great night and check out Losing My Soul on Kindle, its a great read!!
Happy to know you had a great time! See u soon :)
Things better go smooth
You know your neighborhood's ghetto when you have to squeeze through a hole in the fence to get into the playground.
How despicable! But there is no GOP #WarOnWomen You speak the truth and they can't deal with that. BTW, you look great too.
Last night a edit/remix saved my life.
If your college is easier than your high school... there is something wrong......
Almost took a pic of CFTC Chairman Gary Gensler...then realized I need to re-adjust my definition of celebrity...
The yanks loss to the royals blows so badly
You be the master! Now!
deep fried pizza rolls..
Question for Tyra: What did she get that turquoise ring?
Jen may adopt you
U got it! RT: Yes look forward to that :-) MUST attend #expowest with and me! we missed you masterminders!
THANK U FOR HAVING ME!!
Love the NCAA tournament!! Go Hogs!
Sorry, sweatshop game
we can finish
Proud to be following , Twitter account of the National Writers Union (UAW). I belong, & value the NWU's efforts for writers.
you are very welcome! ;)
I need that butterbeer!
brooklyn is actually a part of long island
did yall kill the grover? No after party w/ tax man?
I think it's time to stop waitin on other people and make something happen
When are you coming to Chicago? The city is bursting at the seams with stories ready to be told by the brilliant Henry Pacheco
haha yes no need for my clients to see us
you G an RV? Cuz that'd be tight.
I'm a little drunk on you and high on summertime :)
I loved Midnight in Paris. Glad to see it's up for best movie
Big Different Between a Hoe and Classy Lady!!!!!
It's the sort of thing that i suppose is in some markets conceivable. In that area, in that building, darn near unpossible.
that sounds good. and yes is one cool chick.
I like not only to be loved, but also to be told I am loved. - George Eliot
Today tomorrow and every day after that :)
"Fame is the beauty parlor of the dead.” - American journalist Benjamin De Casseres (1873-1945)
C-Lo from is on the air now, 7straight hours of nothing but
Awake for sure . . .a car alarm has been going on and off since 4am. . .ugh. . . coffee now, please.
is there a difference between all the CSI's?
POTUS: Today, we’re giving 10 states the green light to continue making reforms that are best for them.
Been studying for losts of tests, just got medicain after 5 days of having bronchitis and strep throat, see ya <3 :)
still calls me when she needs help with her math homework. its algebra 2 all over again.
RT : It was heaven on wheat! I highly recommend trying it and just generally patronizing
Now that he plunked Bryce Hot Dog Harper, Cole is okay in my book. Not that it matters but there will be no more Princess chatter from me.
Outdoor fest and rain. no bueno.
Up at the eye doctor. I think a mani-pedi should follow.
Billing & surfing the net
great point!
My weekend starts now.
Wow, mini earthquake! Not often you get that in Alexandria VA.
Valdre asks what lessons have been learned from Bosnia that we can apply to today's crises?
WTOC was a lot of fun; I miss it too. Who's been working here at RHT that you know?
sweet bass guitar I wish I could afford it
Im selling my soaps @ ladies night TONIGHT 6:30-9pm, at Game Pazzo 2011 W. 63rd St. Downers Grove. Free admission 20+ vendors & $5 martinis!
Why I want the Beavers in Portland: so I can take MAX to the game w/o planning and watch free after the 7th if I happen to be downtown. You?
“: If anymore leads get blown at Miller Park tonight, John Travolta might fly in” awesome
yea! It's not a long time!
#PrayForCaitlin She Has Stomach Cancer<3
“: IS COMING TO WICHITA?!? my day just got a whole lot better!! :)”
you are hilarious! Makes me glad I check my twitter.
": I seriously doubt Kate dies...maybe she will become the next Police Chief #castle" this sounds good to me. Thanks 4 the hope!
happy birthday MY NIGGGGGGGGGAAAHHHHHH !
Our CEO Kathleen Feely "Casebook helps workers enter data in real time."
ok. what is it about?
Randy Bass offers excellent suggestions for T&L at Educause's #MARC12. Can IT give students the voice of authority?
Success is shy - it won't come out while you're watching
and iv been to everyone except yesterday
Crap. I was really looking forward to the sequel to SHADOW AND BONE.
Oh, here I was deleting cache and cookies and all that good stuff. Hope it gets fixed quickly!
Most important person to give control to is yourself-for it's that sense that you are in control that lets you give control to others.
So proud of you!
Stop coming out the house half naked -___-'
who uses mental models (indi young style) as a starting point for ux design? i'm experimenting w/ a client. some +'s/ some confusion.
You know, sometimes using Twitter feels like screaming down a long dark hallway where the only response you receive is your own echo
"Superficial Glitter" is my new band name.
thanks for the shoutout ! we like you too!
pencil fighting, fb, twitter, google plus!
ugh my sis on the computer downstairs and im on the laptop up stairs and we both listening to music but every song i wanna play she play it!
When you choke a smurf, what color does it turn?
is your BBM still down?
thanks, followed ;)
#Kennedy, Chango's Beads and Two-Tone Shoes. Weaving 1957 Havana & 1968 Albany: as always, extraordinary capture of character, time, place.
#YouGetPointsIf you like the Texans/Alabama. That's my teams :) <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+0098><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
#RelocateTheCoyotes <<<--- Get it trending!
God does. RT : Who has a instagram !?(:
that's a good thing. <U+E057>
Google Nails 2011: Portrait of a Banner Year
Too many unforced turnovers for Lakers
Goodnight everybody (insert inspirational love yourself quote here)
me too! So nice outside today in
I'm gonna miss my roomie :[
ohh but still...i'ma need lil bizzy akabent to tighten up on the domestic activities lmao....
thank you for retweeting us.
#AWESOME! RT : Yep, those r indeed #threewordstoliveby #justdoit. We'll be cheering u all the way to race day!
My house smells like shit... literally
Sorry, what's the question? Also, who operates this one? Would like to get in touch.
Good to see you both last night ... if only momentarily! I hope you saw each other!
then tell tim to cum...
AND U KNO IT SIS IM ON DA EDGE OF MY SEAT DEY NEED TO GONE CLOSE DIZ YUNG NI66AZ OUT
#whosgonnalose - San Francisco at St. Louis - St. Louis will lose
Almost the weekend...
Awwe! I'm sorry :/ Why are you always sick :/
awhh poor baby !!
Young check ya email
Monday off day = first lunch eating in the servery all semester
Steve, now following you with my volunteer alter ego. :-)
you ok ?
MY LIFE RIGHT NOW.
Which suggests that you can imagine turning down a review because you are FB friends with that individual. Just curious.
I got the ESPN app on deck tho. Know that!
85% on the midterm I didn't study for? Ill take that.
My whole body is begging me to sleep. Guess I should listen.
oops! it was there.. hmm. let me try again.
I'm having login issues "ERROR: Unknown System Error" Have an idea of what I should do? Same issue across browsers. THX
I'm shitty my mom took my Eric Jerome dickey book and never gave it back.. It was the extra nasty one too <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
are you excited for summer? :D
I get excited too! Loving this beautiful weather! Puts a sprung in my step. Enjoy it!
Research: systematic investigation undertaken to develop generalizeable knowledge. Distinct from: quality control, evaluation.
Interview tomorrow? I hope it goes well for you.
Will Evan Jager drop another steeple bomb?
The United States is not a theocracy.
I feel like should be gliding across the rink with my hair blowing lol
I love Bath. Great town.
Mild day in the valleys. Only looking for upper 70s - low 80s with plenty of afternoon sunshine/ Beaches?. . low 70s, just like the water.
“: Just whooped inn this 2k. Who next?” ha yall niggas is sick for gettin off work on the late night and playin 2k
Happy Easter!<U+E328><U+E52C><U+E306><U+E147><U+E037>
Can't image any other team is close, right? RT : Pretty sure that's 5 squeeze bunts for the Brewers in 26 games. 3rd suicide
IEPPal News – 1. We’ve added training videos to the main application and to our web page to help get you started.
Worth noting to all the people who were worried about Jim Berkland's prediction that it didn't come true ... WHAT COULD THIS MEAN?!
yes just not very often. about once every other month :-)
We are all born for love. It is the principle of existence, and its only end. - Benjamin Disraeli
Isn't this how we all spend our days? ; ) RT : reading Law, Regulations, or other dry manuals.
though I agree with his closing line regarding Tree of Life
couldn't view iPod video.....
haha good times!
careful not to trip over all those names you're dropping ;)
Thinking you need to bring back some of the salmon scramble from the #currentbreakfast !!
At least you're a happy girl :) & hehe! Ooohooh mama made me tea, Victory! <U+2665>
my friend Jordan texted me yesterday and it made feel like there isn't anything that can hold me back
There was an accident on the inbound roadway. Our crews are working quickly to clear the roadway once again.
Blue Jackets game tonight. Holler if you're gonna be there!
2 weeks from today im no longer a teenager....damn
Why do people always say "no offense" right before they offend you?
Giants, 30-24, Mike. And great work with the coverage.
Proud of our Spiders - Matt, Aaron, John, Sam, Kyle and Adam - for taking 1st place at the 2012 ACG Cup against Darden, Wm & Mary, VT, VCU.
Got checked out today. #UnderTheWeather :(
RT RT Youngbloodz Performing live this weekend in Atlanta stay tune or dm for Details!!
you back to 100%?
go to my page on twitter and u gonna see the picture i put up... It has the peace sign and mb names on our hands
Let's go!! #Adele That's two for two!
boyfriend is ANOTHER AWESOME SONG. it shows you're a true singer and it has a new side. LUVIT. <3
Five hour connect group? Don't mind of I do. Oh wait, I just did. So blessed by
#tweetme your best makeup looks!
Why is that?
ever since I was a kid i had this thrill for technology i would be able to fix anything just like that and today it all pay's of Geek Squad
that's exactly right. my two kids are younger but even with teens so much arranging you have to do
you know it's really cold when your eyelids are freezing.
Oh...no Whitney Huston
Dec. 15 holiday event! The public is invited. Join Denver's ISPI, ASTD & DCF for networking, food, drinks & helping others. www.ispi-frc.org
Over 10 yrs, Santa Monica has passed at least 3 ordinances against the charitable giving of food.
lol...what u tryna play next year?
Welcome to Kentucky!
EATING PUSSY GOOD FOR YU..MAKES YO JAWS STRONG LOL.GIVES U A BETTER SMILE
Nobody loves these lyinnnnnnn ass hoes
Yes! How dare you not reply to my email that, if printed, would be 4 pg long. I'm looking forwd to hearing from you tho {sigh}
It's all I can do to drink a cup of coffee.
Omg -- walkover???
!!! Ha RT : They got swept... RT : Damn at least the Mavs put up a fuckin fight...
there's nobody in the White House to review positions on the markets before they are released? speculation is part of the market.
OHIO CHAUTAUQUA in Lima - tomorrow night, 6 pm, under the red & white stripped tent - meet Mary Boykin Chesnut, southern abolitionist!
Off to run 3 miles baby , running it's the best.
Wicked bomb.
Thanks to everyone who came out to support the Marist Terra Project!
who honestly likes my username? like haha I dunno
Actually pretty good! :)
Congrats, #GWU, on knocking down yet another building.
I want to be part of the generation that when we leave this world, everyone has had a chance to know real love. Everyone.
Looking for something to do? Check out Episode 6 of the podcast at www.3rdstringsports.com #colts #nfl #fantasyfootball. Ep. 7 up soon!
Going straight to sleep when I'm finish my classes
Carrot cake <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
V.O. (voice-over) session for Nat's Lose Lose with William Tabanou @ Tab Sound Design today. Thanks Tabby!!! :)
Husband used to work for now-defunct Walking Magazine. Sad but true: America does need a pub to remind them to walk!
From Midlothian area...no troubles with FIOS here.
I feel ya! Inconvenient!
hahaha. Saba? My only other guess. Unless it was you... ;)
RT ": Miss Universe <3 I would've been on your side and would've gutted Lisa & Clay both. #VerbalBeatDowns #MySpeciality"
Miss you Hope you're not having to use that baton too often! See ya in Boston.
does Americanized have 2B involve with the belief of GOD. America was founded on the value of its fore father n god?
lmfao can't wait then
She never realizes whats in her face </3
Are times really that bad that people would steal from a car and a little girl. I just cant believe they did that to my family!!
good they should! I used to rock those too and they are sick!
I'm listening to "Think About It" by Donell Jones.
Judge grants bond for Zimmerman $150,000. Are u kidding me????
I did hear that yesterday.
GIVE THE GIFT OF HEALTH! Stop by our studio today to pick up a gift card for the holidays!
one more follower c:
Best radio station ever queenmarathon
the pilot came on right after it though so I was happy again haha
thts cuz most ppl c u as 3he shy girl who never talks haha
if I did that I wouldn't even be going...
Once a month I think... Daddy Long Legs killin' it!!!! Cool of the super cool How did I get in here
do you like Alice Hoffman? She has a new book out - it is awesome
One day closer till school is out.
Suck it cuz you suck balls
I doubt I'll finish the special operation. I refuse to A. spend real money on it & B. spend that much time on it.
Hey, what does this mean for the continued development of stikki.me?
Do I want to go camping this weekend? Sure, my life's not crappy enough. Lets take away my TV and AC and eat and sleep with bugs and snakes.
and he be floppin his ass off smh
The end of Blame Game >
did the servers for D3 go down again?
RT : Happy #monday folks! Don't forget if you send 5 or more drinks by the end of august you'll receive 5 more credits on us!
I popped my neck wrong and its been hurting for over an hour...
Although it seems that soccer has caught on in the US. See many more kids out and about with soccer jerseys. I saw an Essien one yesterday.
New Ben Folds Five & a cup of coffee. M.
Calling all #LUMAtics: summer open enrollment workshops are set. Mark your calendars: June 19-20, July 24-25, and August 28-29 at new HQ!
#GOPACKGO Today might be a good day for me to unfollow you.
make sure your ipod charged so we can record messing wit people
GERMANY is closing all their NUCLEAR ENERGY PLANTS now...they're not wondering...they're just doing it. Hm... re-engineer always!
going to go gym this thursday. time for me to exercise at last :)
Newt's campaign night is one of the strangest I've ever seen. He's clearly bitter and seething at Romney.
Giving 10% of biz profits in 2011 to battered babes and sick/needy kids. NOT the one's where "Momma" sits on the porch bullshittin' all day!
Was just behind MA (461 JK6) - blue Nissan Sentra. Brake light is out.
I can't figure out why we don't hang out more.
save me
yea I just sold them to somebody
its about time they show some respect
haha I'll have to use that soon, haha what's up?
We're out of pudding but we do have a very nice and light roll cake from the Asian bakery.
Lil Niqo television love 106 n park go check that out now
Right-O! Portland Timbers here we go!
RT who cares who develops #digitalpreservation tools so long as they are good?
Homework time, finally! :)
Thanks for the follow :)
I don't know what the "fahck" someones deal is #donedonedone <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
First smart toothbrush with Bluetooth interface
are you attending Lindsay's farewell party?
Weeding more old files. Found notes mailed by DH back in salad days of dating. These are keepers.
": Today my parents have been married for 25 years. Happy Anniversary mom and dad!" aww congrats to ur parents
People who drive like assholes on agor while I'm trying to sleep <<<<<<
S/o to my new followers.
NF follow back.
We have reached 200 likes! :D 200 hundred supporters of an equal and safe America!
; like in feb !
This is for real. Wow!
Democratic state Sen. Tim Cullen drops out of Wis. governor's race, says he can't raise needed money.
Almost killed my charger forgot that my phone is connected..
When did I acquire all these new followers? Following back now!
I'm sorry but if all your pictures on your twitter are all of you doing the same pose everyday i'm just going to think your conceited.
yeah lmfao idk I'm gonna google some easy things to do, but does the info have to be on a tri-fold?
On our way to the UW Biz Plan competition. We have our favorites but need to seem them up close.
Vitality shows not only in the ability to persist, but in the ability to start over. -F. Scott Fitzgerald
Austin-Twyman Papers at Swem - an unvarnished record of slavery in Buckingham Co., Va.
SHOUTOUT TO>>>> FOR BEING MY 350TH FOLLOWER AND FOR RTing MY TWEET! RT THIS FOR A SHOUTOUT BY ME!!
no!! She mite get all mean
Currently hiring IT Business Analysts in multiple industries! Let me know if you're looking to make a
thanks thanks and thanks <U+263A> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
She doesn't show up in my recommended friends... weird?
o my gosh. You should have just seen how terrible it really was. Ruined the entire grammys
At editors studio about to watch 1st rough cut of footage....anxious as hell!
Softball: Clackamas' Melissa Noble hits walk-off two-run single for 4-3 win over Canby in 9 innings on Cavs' senior day.
no he was just threatening me
no I'd actually like to like c: they're just so popular and ugh
I really like u
Could the Bucs have played the game under protest for that infield fly rule being clearly wrong?
#10ThingsThatAnnoyMe Justin beiber the wanted and one direction all right that should have gotten some people angry :)
About to get in the shower <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> and get ready for the day
hey u it's been awhile do I need to get out the hater tech glock a MF and bust a move? Lol
Longtime no tweet but I've been blessed to be busy with some big projects on my hands. Who would've thought I'd be producing country music?
Does your present wife give you updates on what your cock looks like? Amazing 24 hours. Over 1 mill raised, 1000s of volu....
Why did the skunk buy four boxes of tissues?Because he had a stinking cold!
hi , they're at that loft (I had to leave for a moment). And I do believe the next stop is Perch at 448 S Hill.
"Ignorance never settles the question."<-- that's what my fortune cookie saidC:
We're listing some excuses we hear people make in a new series of tweets. Don't use excuses! Get fit!
wavy lines!
Unfortunately I'm not :(
Hi Kale, - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too!
Follow me??
Your Monday is my Saturday.
Hoping (10556) wins this board so I can share, 1st hand, the cool sustainability stuff is doing with folks at !
Nah, jean jacket with the sleeves cut. Put the pressure on 'em just when they think that I eased up.
kiss me I'm Irish!!!
A full grown man just ran by me crying, like bawling.
Seek to establish YourSelf then Seek to Establish Others ~ Karen Armstrong
RT : Deserves a RT and follow! : As a member of Aftra and (soon-to-be) SAGI'm voting YES for one union!...
Pinnacle Airlines to furlough 450 pilots
I'm doing the #fivefivedollarboycott for
Yeah, I DL'd it that same day. It's bubblicious.
tweetie is also good...but is so new to twitter i thought it would be a good place for her to start :~)
cool. who are you gonna play for?
Is your HS senior graduating next year? Create memories that last a lifetime with one of our portrait packages.
Hey -->“: Tomorrow is Poem in Your Pocket Day! Carry a poem you love & share with your co-workers, family, and friends”
When you getting back in the studio??
lol. Just had to get one more Changs deuce moment in!
GO GO GO FOLLOW !!
Chutzpah! I keep running into people with too much bloody chutzpah!
Have we recovered a progressivism that's larger than the democratic party?
My mind is a weapon of mass construction.
Thanks, Darlene. We're very overwhelmed and still reeling a bit ourselves. Thank you for being there.
When a zombie apocolypse happens so I can see a bunch of black guys who have pants falling off they're ass's getting chased.
Truism: "Blues is easy to play, but hard to feel." - Jimi Hendrix
Uh oh.... I may have just been DUPE-ond. Which is of course when you get a shitty Groupon.
We will see you there!
Thank you both! RT - Glad you liked Bricks & Feathers. is the man.
Jump on It is easy to find. Right by Neighborhood Grill & McD's.
The girl sitting in front of me has major back acne.. gross.
dogs always know who the bad ones are
yes, legit point, but one way or another, either electorate or leg votes on this. Without either, those in favor will have to wait.
Just reminded my son whos "Mr. Miagi "and whos "daniel son"..
Happy Halloween! Big plans tonight?
#nowplaying First Dance :D
I don't care about money, Rangers have plenty. This was best team since 94, short of winning it all is disappointment
Or rather, directly proportional.
I urge you to comment on that blog post. please correct them, it's possible none of their professors will
Or is #Truth too risky these days? Journalism is the new dumpster diving - Trash and it all stinks.
Hoop time CSU
great demo today!
BUT YOU'RE A NIELSEN!!!
Tea time
LOL Drew Brees in Seattle? Now THAT is a dynasty!!!!!
Damned piñata cookies followed me home.
Oh. I'm used to ESPN's hour.
#OdetoOldFlames is coming. Real Soul music from my man
#sxsw12 who wants a sweet Tee??
Nigga asked me y I rock the 89.99 paid of levi's to work and to play, nigga cuz my bread and hustle game been strong
What is VOIP? How can you save money? Does it work? Yes it does! It is time to talk. Get current. Save Money. Call 512 873-0447
Loving wandering around LA casually mentioning that global warming doesn't exist and seeing the horrified faces of waiters and shopkeepers
Cant wait for the #TheOffice and #Parksandrecreation tonight
hey, I meant to ask, how're the pens doing?!
Today's quote for my fellow artists, Art is either plagiarism or revolution. So let us start a revolution!
I always liked Bacon Bits or Kim Chee.
My worst enemy is regret :/
I worked on the Boom
Thanks, Frances. It was a thought-provoking venture! Glad you enjoyed it.
Good Morning, it's a beautiful day.
It'll be cool to have a 3D tv in the class. Great for Science. Kids can look at 3D molecules etc.#LBSC 642
Lol ikr same here sis.........he is still adorable love ya greyson
Dried fruit is not only a good snack, but can be mixed with powdered milk, cream of wheat and some nuts to really pack in the protein!!
Remember no one wins 70% of their plays consistantly.
Great basketball games tonight! Love the intensity right before & during playoffs.
eWW dont go say you hadda make up something else and take it during class
Turn off: someone with onion lips lol
Local cheeses+apricot purée+Muscadet; cold pea soup+crème frâiche+Austrian rosé; grilled quail+greens+fennel+balsamic+Macon; profiteroles!!!
Oh Yeah! Its all coming down now, in Jesus name. His Blood protecting me. Even the demons have to flee!
remind me why im back on twitter?
Is it 5 O Clock yet!
I'm coolin drinking
Oh my Luke! :O
'Master Exploder' always makes me laugh.
Getting ready to go out
Made the mistake of throwing the Catch Phrase in a box of books and it's making a tiny beeping sound once every 15 minutes.
hahahahaha idk what to say to that
Thanks! Love the show.
I am so happy that I am alive. I have a guy that I care about. I love you Patrick. #ItGetsBetter <3
Spend the night at our Salomé room plus enjoy a beautiful Champagne and chocolates gift basket from . Delicious!!!
They look great!
Juss tawk to my ex think i still wanna be wit ha but idk if she feel the same guess well see
I just love when people get me sick because they're too damn stupid to go home.
The FEC survived #dcquake and so did I... Hope all are ok and be safe
TIP: Despite the fact that you want to make the most use of your "big"hand.. Winning $100 is better then losing $100..Win when you can.
Attending North America Infrastructure Conference in DC co-sponsored by CG/LA Infrastructure and PPI-just heard Tom Friedman.
who's performing?
How can Midnight in Paris win an #Oscar for best original screenplay when it is a remake of Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure?
Another day at school... :( Nervous/excited :| idk what to expect!
do you know if we'll be back in time for 5th block?
awesome phone.. if they do have it in definitely il buy it right away :))
you are so amazing! Best singer ever :) can you please follow me? its my birthday on the 23rd...<U+2764> please follow!! #Mahomie 8
trying to contain my jealousy that you're at the signing. obviously it isn't working, b/c i'm telling you about said jealousy.
SMG don't pick Jose!!
D'oh! FML!
Playing S today on the A-Z. come by and check it out. tell your friends to do the same. #supportlocalmusic Gashouse Radio
hey justin! My best friend( ) birthday is this Friday and I was just hoping you could please tweet her(cont)
and to think uu were different from the others . tuh #Joke`sOnMe
check the last picture I tweeted :)
Thanks to and their Sports Medicine Team for taking care of our cowboys!
dude i've been thinking about learning to arrow because it seems pretty cool!
... somehow that link wasn't what I was expecting. :)
Thanks Court!! It's the only workout that is remotely closed to our softball workouts, and the only way I stay motivated <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
He didn't love grading on an extreme curve, but that's what he ultimately (luckily!) did with us.
Those days when you wake up, struggling to keep afloat & keep your attitude positive? Yeah, it's 1 of THOSE mornings.
Heading to the studio to record a couple of #jazz tracks w/Davell Crawford - piano prince of N.O. tonight. Long overdue.
"Never be bullied into silence. Never allow yourself to be made a victim. Accept no one's definition of your life; define yourself."
I actually tried to stop to see you but the lot was tragic. I will hit you up next time in through!
I need some confirmation on whether or not Blake Griffin can still dunk fluently
aye..ya'll know what time it is.
If you think the United States has stood still, who built the largest shopping center in the world?
Great surprise today, a copy of "saving the world at work" from Tim Sanders www.savingtheworld.net
We miss you. :(
Who went to bed EARLY, and STILL overslept? #ThisGuy Good morning Tweeters
We're excited too!!
middle school relationships
You don't get paid for the hour. You get paid for the value you bring to the hour.
Home base!!
When are you coming to TX and is coming then too?
Nap? Gym? Nap? Gymzzzzzzzzz.....
or nobody's at work. I got the week off for spring break.
ohh shit then you should be on the big screen then.
It's Card Playing Day! "...he or she alone must decide how to play the cards in order to win the game.“---Voltaire
I wish. We were to gather. Instead of being really good friends. But never going to happen </3
Most "fine dining" restaurants are opened by some B- culinary kid who sank $20,000 into making his final class project a reality.
This headache needs to go away ASAP
Who would ever imagine the Fresh Beat Band is a tougher ticket then the Linsanity New York Knicks!
I may be a failure, thats all you'll ever see. But when the dust has settled you'll be so much less than me.
mikey it didn't take me anywhere??
our session went really well! standing room only!! :) now it is time to drink some whiskey!
Hi Carolyn, hope you had a good holiday. Where are you gonna teach and what?
J Cole and Kendrick Lamar? That'll be interesting to hear.
Watching jack white now.
im on spring breaaaakk.(;
just got my eyebrows waxed.. i'm such a gay
A new day, A new start(:
yup yup #TeamThirsty you wouldn't about like'n woman you fuckin cupcake
The deep freeze in S. Fla. Pulling out ALL the stops.
Ew. My mac n cheese is gross :(
With recent murmurs that Facebook's apps are moving away from html, is team: /instagram slated to work on FB iOS/Android?
No problem Tara. I have known you for a bit..those awkward phone calls off of myspace friend requests ;).
Gotta love the "newspaper" train commuters who can't help hogging the arm rest and flappin' the flippin' paper in your face.
There's nothing better than good sex. But bad sex? A peanut butter and jelly sandwich is better than bad sex. ~Billy Joel
Your iPod has an appetite, let us feed it. (Download our single "Let it Fall" from iTunes only $0.99!) Some people say it's a good song : )
I'm gonna be in Orlando on friday!! The 180 lounge is def gonna get turnt up when I come through
Some people have a way with words others erm.....thingy.......
Dreamer. MT Padres have Kotsay and Suppan in lineup today. Wondering if they can also get Yuni and Wil Nieves before game.
#Target is confirming its status as the worst place on earth. "we don't do recycling bags." arg!
they look so good! #pleaseshare Added bonus, you didn't set off the smoke detector!
Our last day in the states, and here's what we have planned: vet, Wal-Mart, church, post office, pharmacy, probably Wal-Mart again.... Fun.
#firstdayofsummer and #MarkStuartDance is getting prepared for !
My dad just got on facebook and not so coincidentally now people from highschool are contacting me. Fuck you, internet.
Thank you for following!
listening to #SaySomethin right now :) love it! New favorite song! :) love you! <3 9
cool and Washington like always :p haha about you?
You didn't cause anything nothing was caused by you. You just think you did.
lost 0.5 pounds since her last weigh-in! She's lost 8 pounds so far.
RT : I'm homy..... I bet 99% of you pervs misread that.
thanks! I'm rather smitten with the whole thing myself!
If you ain't got the fire retire. If you ain't the shit then quit. If you ain't on top then stop.
Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils
oh, i'm sorry, i shouldn't have assumed! (but i...i like it a lot)
I can't believe I am saying this, but....GO SAINTS!!
Where's the party?
dead ass lol .
As Warren Buffett said: "There's class warfare, all right. But it's my class, the rich class, that's making war, and we're winning."
oh no! didn't this happen to you once before at a midwinter? hope it passes, fingers crossed
PERFECTION IS NOT JUST ABOUT CONTROL. IT'S ALSO ABOUT LETTING GO!!! SURPRISE YOURSELF.
I'm stoked been a #loyal since 99
So, if this DOES happen, wanna follow me now so in the future I can be like "see him on MTV? Yeah well hes following me!"(:
I would argue Polk has looser hips, is more fluid athlete, better balance, tougher to tckl, better receiver, faster, more durable
and we, you!
Long story short: he dies
thx for coverage No prob, nice job.
Crime thrillers involved pros; murder dramas were amateurs - before noir was coined- great point by Eddie Muller
PUBLIC RELATIONS: Publicity Program Planning, Perception Management, Crisis Management, Event Media Management, Ermerging Media Services.
Well...not as bad as World Series 1997, game 5 of ECSF 2010, the drive, 2007 NBA Finals...the list goes on...but this gm is added to it
In order to know (the great) Reality, you must be sane. In order to be sane, you must be out of your mind.
so concludes 5hrs of pretending like i'm studying and 2hrs of baking. continuing my "no sleep" rule this week and writing this paper.
Girls just wanna have fun...
looking @ SF lineup tonite facing Zack Greinke and I'm thinking 3 runs might be more than enough, hope I'm wrong as Melky singles w/2 outs
got knocked off by a wave
Loyalists only lol RT : Who would want to watch the Pirates? lol RT : So, no pirates games here this week....bummer.
Thanks for #FF!
Ursula gets impaled by a ship.
Can someone please explain to me why there is YET ANOTHER SHOW SET IN NYC WITH NO (ethnic) DIVERSITY?
#UX is a great metaphor for life: learning about people, constant iteration and adaptation, learning from failure, and moving forward.
Ready to begin the third half of my day...
What's up all?
I LOVE when teams do the "White Out" t-shirt thing. Memphis came up with a fresh idea today
Fifth Suggestion, Work on spending at least thirty minutes catching up on the days' goings on and let her talk you listen.
“: #Scorpio's don't trust anyone but themselves.”
can u please follow me
Good Luck to all the IMM followers that are participating in the triathlon tomorrow! Make sure you stay safe and hydated!
Back From The Mall(: Fun Timez With My Gurlies ;) #sittinginmylittletinyapartment :P
One night when I was 18, two girlfriends and I decided to drive from San Diego to LA. We pulled into Oceanside and went through a drive t...
Another beautiful day here in Kansas City! - I am loving these 60F days, but can't help wonder where our Winter went...
:-) okay ima do it nd ill post a pic
you got this.
Somebody has the grill going already. Yard smoke.
Community Links is looking for sales People, If interested email us @
Who dares to teach must never cease to learn. ~John Cotton Dana
It was great talking with you. Thanks for the tips!
": a wise man once said "smoke weed" " it must have been the wisest advice any man has ever given lol
#TwoWordsBlackPeopleFear I'm Pregnant"
Reminder to Mark Your Calendar Dept.: MT : Performs at Rose Inn- Indiana PA April 28th! 10 PM! ...
It's gonna be a cold, wet softball game tonight in Roseville..
Spending the rest of the day at the Magic Kingdom!
at least 20. I just want people to know I enjoy their tweets!
bye bye bracket. thanks for nothing, kansas.
how are you
I just saw that Bill Nye has Twitter handle, way to be first-comer!
"Healing is freedom"
Thank you very much! :)
Olathe South Wind Ensamle got all 1's at State Contest! :D
Without His love I can do nothing, with His love there is nothing I cannot do.
Starting this week, look out for our RtG Caffeinated Quiz! Be first to answer trivia questions to win free ! Stay tuned...
nice! RT : Want to see all the #SocialMedia sessions at #REcon12 in 1 place? Download the Social Media iPhone app!
Everyone please stay safe tonight. And say it with us....FUCK TORNADOS!!!!!
finally saw sat nites show...greatjob snake man.
You were fighting the true war on terrorism. God I think that's insensitive.
one way is : don't watch it. Low ratings = cancellation.
Hi David, thanks for the follow, you certainly don't have the Folsom blues. I Love California.
It's been five years since a number one seed has won a playoff game.
Thanks to for the JK Brewing Oatmeal Stout last night. Tasty despite warnings of "plastic-y" overtones.
Don't ever say that... I love you.
So true--thank you for this timely and needful reminder, Randy!
woh- just saw someone on the train with a disc man.
What if the men's and women's finals coaches had to swap suits?
I thought Tweetdeck was fixed but it keeps crashing on me. Lame. Trying Plume but timezone seems borked. I'm not west coast.
Needless to say, I now triple check myself every time I wear a skirt!
No matter how many pens you buy, they always "Mysteriously" go missing.
#BeautyPros: What sites and magazines do you go to for inspiration in your field?
Today i think im gonna have a good day...well atleast i hope
CALEB IS MUCH BETTER NOW HE IS DOWN TO 1-2 TREATMENTS A DAY,OTHER WISE HE IS GETTING SO BIG& BOY CAN HE EAT THANKS HUGS 2 U
All the ones before told they loved you, But I'm telling you, I really fuckin love you girl!
Surfed for 6 hours until it got too small and crowded. Success!
Nor is Justin Bieber a Jesus...
SOO. DO YOU LIKE ONE DIRECTION? LOL
Bahahaha!! "GULP" is right! ;)
": Now following!" Tellem
Man, tons of sirens and honking going on outside. Mifflin + Derby Day + Cinco de Mayo + a regular Saturday in
Tomm isn't promised people. Live that shit like its your last every single day. Woop!
gingrich loses & is shot into space. his exterior gets burned leaving only G, R, I, N, C, H legible, like in Star Trek: The Motion Picture
While a slave in 1850 cost the equivalent of ~$40,000 in modern $, a #slave can be bought today 4 a few hundred dollars!
Idk if I should stay at Putnam or go to Clackamas. Both schools suck so....
you are probably better off marking it as junk. Unsubscribe rarely works.
why strange? Eagles have no heart and can't finish. Let it go, bro. Why is media so fascinated w/ Philly.
M brat fry between SARUP & LAP.
New LIVE episode tomorrow featuring Molly Sharrow, Kurt Branagan (), and Mike Buzzelli ()!
": Stoked for #gzu worship tonight!!! Can't miss it!!! Go!!! T-Minus 30 mins..."
RT whats up, relaunching holla at me trying to get you in there
I love when the bus arrives at the stop the same time I do, especially when I haven't checked the time.
When do the hawks play next? I don't have a schedule on me RT : Yup OKC bout to put a boot in LA ass
": If Rangers lose, Josh Hamilton plans to reverse rotation of earth and play game again.". Some days he probably could...
12 tweets in the past 20 minutes, hollaaaa. lololol, please don't hate me.
Thanks! We think so too :)
mhm obviously :) I have not see you in forever.. come visit me and ang... not Andrew
We have agreement that it's not always possible to find a copyright owner, or if you do, it's a beginning not an end
SURE DID! RT : That boy DD got my vote hope he got yours also ....
When I learned the #Monkees lip synced I felt totally betrayed/lied to. Then I learned about evolution and was more pissed at my nuns.
The use of that phrase I'll fully support.
being a smart ass:)
now another teacher comin in tha room??
Thanks by the way...you know what im talking about.ha.
Shoutout to thank you girl!! ;)
aww poor baby :( I'm going home next weekend!! What about you?!
Thanks, , for following!
Grandma's Boy on
Food, Wine, Beer & Spirits at this Saturday's Island Divine event. has the scoop, do you have the stomach?...
I miss the way we used to be. :(
very often the best way of doing something is also the most annoying
RT Can you help me lose my NoCal accent when I'm in L.A.? Or, is it better to sound imported? --> Imported, of course! ;-)
T-minus 1:45 until #hockey game :)
RT “: got a headache!!!! going to bed!”<< you wanna go night night nigga!!--lmao!
This niggah beside me under arms boof like shit
I don't deal with change well... but cash will do just fine. ;)
Thanks Joe. It sure does. Hope LA is grand.
thank u for that! I miss u all so freaking much! Even saw Bosie! Good day, great cause!
wow, that looks great!
“: I hate when I try to show someone something on my phone and they feel the need to grab it.”
agreed. They r friends with mine but haven't had the pleasure of meeting them yet. Officer stopped him on way home from ur place
Two Trailer Park Whores go Around the Outside, Around the Outside, Around the Outside ! #EminemMoment xD
My car is so dirty that one might think I'm living in it...which at times it feels that way:)
Mhmmm.I should've tweeted you earlier.lolol.Maybe he'll still be here tomorrow,just chilling,and we can like go meet him.
haha what was his recommendation
Can we also ban 2000 words essays on the same thing?
am I supposed to believe that abercrombie actually has a football team? and if they do have a team their recruiting seems questionable.
Hahah yeah, i am. Just like a ninja (which i love) or Batman C: and nope, guess i aint. Score.
it's kinda cool but its been warm its off and on. lots of rain
March Madness - Kansas State had a big lead...let USM back in it.
thank you! i had her symbol already i just wanted that quote it reminded me of her
Another week of this cough and I'm gonna have abs of steel.
#ExpertVisibilityTip: Are your YouTube videos just commercials for your services, or do they really help people?
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Dallas County until 12:15 PM
did not know they were at Albertson's.
Stop stalking me!
I'd defiantly have to say the pillsbury dough boy. He makes that awesome noise when you poke his belly.
VINNY since Ur on can u plz follow me u inspire my lil 4year old sister and my 6year old bro he started dancing at 5 plz :)
“: Whenever I hear someone say they heart something, I want to foot their head.”
Enjoy your party Australia, you deserve it has done you proud
Liked the reference student circle idea.
What are you wearing?
Im going to go ahead and go to sleep doh smh
haha. It's another world.
I agree! Bring on the #Makeup #Music and #JunkFood and you got yourself a PARTY! lol
Weekday weekends in SF are the best!
Every time I write your name in a text I have to check it a million times! Bahahaha
lol! I would do the same. What reason is there to have kids other than to torture them?
Did you read my ch 11 yet...and did you see the video podcast I did for ?
eek that doesn't sound good biggyyy
On my way to The Evolution Jam hosted by (bass), Bean Clemons (drums) + Stacy Dillard (sax)
Lox spread is my weakness. On an everything bagel? My heart is complete.
I want one too! :P There's my accidental RT for the day!
How's the Wings game going
Got a feeling it's going to be a good day. Woke up early and got back to working on turning dreams into reality
morning *smiles*
Had a great night! Goodnight. Err, good morning I mean.
ahh, i see. yeah i just watched the video of ellen
Oh boy!
#JustBeingHonest I give better #relationships advice than you.
This is going by so quickly
As i pulled in he flared his feathers out like he was pissed about something. I don't want to get in the mix with this turkey. :-/
I got tha Lo down Fantasy Football aint gon make the playoffs BLUES....o well there's always Basketball ya know?Right?...there's not ? O hmm
i know rite he is so unique.
Spring time and beautiful weather! Get in shape with Pilates workout! Classes in Mt. Washington on Mondays and Wednesdays. Join in!
he is quite good looking in that film. I also love Drive and Blue Valentine even though the latter makes me cry like a baby
YES PLEASE! RT > : How about we announce the winners of the Maya Jane Coles picture disc 12"?
Thanks man, it went well. Now it's sit and wait time.
were based in Pittsburgh
lol that was me!
autonomy was the project that got Adam and Eve kicked out of the garden...not a gift God gave them.
Ice is falling from the sky in south Austin. Yes, really.
Film day 1: Wrapped. dinner time. :3
hi friend how are you al
Welcome to all my new followers. I'm looking forward to reading your tweets.
Just watched "The Avengers" on bootleg. They promoted that movie for almost 2yrs & it was average at best
If lose tonight against , your Milwaukee will be tied for the 8th seed in the Eastern Conference playoffs.
If you are watching #Scandal 2nite, watch the homie on live Fri @ 3pm! She is the same IRL!
Journalism has changed -- Who, what, where, when, why, and how is not enough anymore.
This was the best day except for my car being wrecked I will let the attorney handle all of that. I'm so pround of my Pamela she gave
Exactly one week from today I'll be seeing with the Minneapolis Orchestra!!! Excited is an understatement!
if you read the hunger games and did not know Rue was black then you obviously cannot fucking read
"feelings of knowing": when we're certain we can find the answer by continuing to think about the question.
Get your drink on!!!!!
Wouldn't that be much cooler! ;)
In the 90s rappers wore gold, not platinum.
- He will. Stay hungry and humble. Remember, he is the one in control. Follow him and don't let anyone outwork you.
When I said I was fine, I was hoping you realized I was lying and you would actually care..
The 76ers radio guy just announced that the game is over.
Share your experience of the special performance by du Soleil at #drupa – Tweet your photos with
“Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.” ~ Nelson Mandela
melanie told me you'll be at my orientation this summer!!
A woman of great courage. “: A family friend says former first lady Betty Ford has died at age 93 in California.”
The “secret spot” may not last much longer. In fact, the tools of communication today threaten to destroy the category of the “secret.”
TYSM, Leslie! You are so kind!
Let me sip on some of that!
I am told that 3-legged mom & 10 pups from Harnett are in rescue now. Do not know name of group that has them.
Good luck with that because I'm not changing my mind.
Relaxing with an Argentina Cab.
"The funny thing is is ..." Please delete this expression from your vocabulary or I will pee in your coffee.
I like to snuggle with my body pillow
well then Flynn must be beat qb in NFL, because no one else put up those numbers either. Get A clue!!
is so blessed to have all the helping hands today! Thanks !!
“: Everyone go follow athlete ” Jack's the Man!!
Pittsburgh everyone go
iiight Ms.eat them alive....prove it too me
I thought that was only me!!(: lolol
awe thats the sweetest post ever!!! =D my bad day turned upside down at 11:59PM
oh good! ;-) I figured after Peter had his alone time it was only fair that Olivia have hers! O:-)
U know what i hate... Its when ur friend is only ur friend when hes single. Then he finds someone and he pretends u never existed.
Hope everyone had a great holiday season! We're back running this Saturday. '01 blend featured wine. 2 seats open Feb 4.
Yeah I still mess it up plenty, but I love no longer being at work and realizing I will miss a show.
On air now! til 10p. Tweet them your local Chgo requests & tune in for a chance to win tix to 's home opener
So happy. My mom just bought me and my best friend concert tickets. Yyyaaaaaayyyyy. I can't wait.
And I bet the test was totally worth the fee they made you pay for the privilege of taking it.
can ur light hitting Gnats come thru here bases loaded
Congratulations to Vancouver's Shawn Farquhar, new president of The Canadian Association of Magicians. He is also current world champion.
cute! ;oP
Yea he looking nice
Just got news, receiving cases and cases of Russian River Brewing Pliny the Elder in bottles & kegs. Shot for around Noon
yea I have 2 cuz of the fcat but my mom said she might pick me up after so I don't have 2 walk that much
no. He got kicked out.
go to what, the cave spring game?
I'm looking for a space needle hat - one shaped like the needle - big! got one?
Goal number 40 for Leo. But just how good is Mascherano. Absolutely brilliant!
TL is dead, <U+270C>
are you hitchhiking?
Tonight's episode of #TheWalkingDead is scaring the you-know-what out me, and I'm LOVING it!
"The journey is more important than the end or the start." -Linkin Park
A great many open minds should be closed for repairs. ~ Toledo Blade Newspaper
Huge congrats on the Cool Summer Records release! You freaking deserve it. Keep up the hard work!!!
RT : Big Happy Birthday Shout out to my Dude Dyson!!!! From The entire Citi Team!!!!
WHERE is this place?? I'll be back in Atlanta tomorrow and I want one for lunch tomorrow. Thanks 4 sharing.
“Media studies... are central to our early 21st century world. New knowledge is emerging.” via Dr. Bernard Luskin,
Read the lyrics of a song you sang as a kid. Try to remember where you first heard it. It's Arts & Humanities Month!
Ate a whole lotta lamb, now it's waay down inside.
So Beautiful!
I HATE NIGGAS THAT'S STUCK ON PITTSBURGH TRAVEL SOMEWHERE I'VE BEEN AROUND THE WORLD
Modern medicine has already discovered that love increases the human immune response. Create more love everyday.
Not impressed with Apple's new OS Lion. I for one am looking forward to their next OS incarnation. OS Tabby.
“ I beat the beat the up up up up up up up ... #myjam”
U won't win either way in this conversation. #Bron takes the shot, #Wade takes the shot. Go figure.
I'd like to give a moment of thanks to my grande unsweetened iced green tea from Starbucks.
Yeah i do <3 well the 2nd coolest ;) RT : I'm not gonna lie... has the coolest sister EVER! Hahaha :-)
hair salon downtown
will I kissed a vampire be playing in NY state? im dying to see it but havent found info. also will u do any promo? lmk plz
Layover in vegas. It's never too early to gamble right?
RT : Giveaway question: What was the date of the first #Smallbizchat?
Hahahah I think I might have an idea
That bit*h said Im hot...I said no bit*h I'm blazin...
Bebe, you fell asleep on me -__- i miss you already. blah but i love you tho :) call me when you wake
You never forget about your family and friends because your in a relationship.
Armondo, We create custom twitter backgrounds for Pro Athletes. WOuld love to do 1 for you FREE. Follow & DM us if U want 1.
I need you. Don't crash on me right now.
its all love in da end wen it come to me keeping it real wit someone
I'm sleeptweeting!
“Don't be afraid of your fears. They're not there to scare you. They're there to let you know that something is worth it.” <U+2015> C. JoyBell <3
i bought the the fregrance yesterday and it smells really great good job sweetie
of course! looking for something along those lines? Maybe not "mommy porn" but quick, easy and can't put down!
The squeaky wheel gets the grease - get up, stand up, and speak out
St. Xavier's Austin Clemons has a line drive single in the T1, but he's stranded at 1st. Eastern coming to bat for first time. No score.
What’s best at brunch?
Been On A Huge Wiz Khalifa Kick!
we're cute.
Make sure to apply your awesomeness to yourself...
that's a good sign!
You should know that...
Music videos matter in 'Spectacle'
Having some fun !
Quite a scarf tour de force
do you have any creative ideas for me to get harry to follow my twitter if i were to see him :/
never will :-)
Why can't someone in #HarrisCo distribute a voter guide!!? We just need to know which candidates are Republicans
Thanks, and sorry, I guess?
As far as I can tell...yes!
I said peaceful!
My bf is being a fat ass eating chips while I'm being healthy eating a K bar(: lol
I only read, look at books, and sketch. And daydream--daydreaming's important too.- Karl Lagerfeld
Following back:)
When snot dries out... They crust. lmao
Thanks! is a fun project to talk about.
Loving my new hair =]
Prob. Not RT : #nyy #yankees ... will TEX make good on his ST promise to BUNT on occasion, just to get them to shift less ??
how are the kids #markruffalo ? are the allright?
I need to see avengers again....kinda dozed off
It's just "one of those days", she says while shaking her head in disbelief......
Yeah baby!!! Let's do this!!!
I'm good to go Shell. How much is it?
Loving TRX training!!
#DowntonAbbey is on sale William!
Yeah right! Thanks! :-)
safe journey to europe Rudy.. PDX will miss ya! Tell Rubio he needs a haircut
The way you view challenges in your life will influence their resolutions & outcomes. So view each challenge is an opportunity to evolve now
Sorry to hear that. As you know, our freelancers' opinion columns don't necessarily reflect our views.
I have lost 20 pounds!
#OneWordThatDescribesMe hardworking (not at school, sadly)
Beautiful day, people out walking & running. What am I doing? Heading to a scotch tasting w/some of the girls. It's all about priorities. ;)
Idk why i'm up already when I still got time to sleep...still tired..but i'm in a ridiculously good mood! :D
Happy New Year! We'll need to talk about iPhone dev and test in the new year.
Thanks for the RT, David!
Watching vs Emma Hearst on ICA
Some people accidentally walk on your feet & apologize; others walk all over your heart & don't even realize. RT
i can do weekday drinks next weeks for sure! what day is good for you?
Know any good wine bars in Rome you'd recommend serving natural wines?
All good, man!
Twitter Twitter Twitter...What to tweet...
How does that even correlate though? lol
S/O to a new follower and a friend
Used my #casino comp to try foie gras for the first time. Weird sh**! Just a steak next time, kthx.
Mayor Paul Soglin spoke at the Greater Madison Chamber board meeting today. Talked about making TIF policy and dev process changes. Yeah!
And thanks for giving ME joy doing it! You guys were incredible
Wrote some music, without even thinking about it. My hands had a mind of their own. End result? Not that badd!
Wishes our offices where open so I could snowboard to work!
thx for this
want to see The Avengers #buildasteeple?
The only way to ensure spikes in oil prices don't jeopardize the economy is to reduce our dependance on oil.
RT : #teamnokids that why I go so hard
sure has a lot of marriage advice for someone who's been divorced twice and has rushed into yet another relationship.
I was truly inspired by the MJ service today...what I already knew about his life and what I learned. Thank You MJ
oh. It's nothing. I'll be okay boo. Dont worry
listening to Crane and Briana
I don't like to where the color purple it makes u look old and lame
Can u fall in love with the same person twice?
wendy is certainly taking up that task!
or do the song names get put on ur page? Or would I just have to tune in tonight & listen?
Followed! Follow Back? (: xx
Happy Sunday Twitter Fam!
Work your fingers to the bone, what do you get? Bony fingers!
Just realized I've been giving my husband the bieber-post-haircut haircut. #secretadmirer?
mashed with the original actually, this is a highly valued bootleg they will not give out.
Nice to meet you Alena!
Happy Monday Morning Tweeps! Got a little bit of the Memphis blues after the Clippers eliminated the Grizzlies yesterday on Beale Street.
Twitter friends: make a $25 gift to Art Pulse (formerly San Diego Fine Art Society) via PayPal & rec.6 mos mbrshp FREE:
make sure you're following are consolidating accounts. namaste!
YOU'RE A DICK
give me give me give me some vampire money come on.....
Good luck to our 279 members of Team Northside participating in Sunday's Rock 'n' Roll Marathon. We are "rockin'" together! Go team!
I've got the best seat in the house at #cildc ... b/t & !
When police found 22yearold Taylor Jackson hiding near the scene of her wrecked car yesterday morning, they say Jackson made one thing clear
Mo like my cousin Anthony Davis Play Wit The Thunder lol Azz Clown K Durant NBA Balling Lol
Good Morning Everyone!
Man I'm so sick I got ambulances pulling me over and shit
Wow... in Where Have You Been's music video... Jesus Rihanna.
I love walmarts like that <33
Gearing up for the #nuggets #mavericks game tonight. late start tonight folks check the time
Just wrote a new kick ass song on the piano ... u know ur jealous :p
I think today is drive slow as hell day. I have 38 projects to do let's drive a little faster.
No way. I thought that was you. Kudos to Jonathan!
I mean WORDS WITH FRIENDS
Hard to not feel bad for Kyle Williams of SF & Billy Cundiff of Baltimore. Hope both men get the chance to redeem themselves.
i dont know
got it. Will check it out today
ha ha ha! well glad I'm entertaining
aw, I'm flattered! Thanks for watching. :) I love learning new instruments. My fiancé gets me a new one each bday!
Jane Lynch welcomes us back to the Modern Family Awards, then intros crazy Charlie Sheen.
Great night at Vanessie last night. Hope to be back soon. SANTA FE SOL tonight with Baracutanga & Mala Maña 7:30pm M
Kill me dead, I feel like an overblown balloon with a little bit of water inside. Fucydhvufjf
Beware the Ides of March...madness!
what do you mean "not the same as cudi" it's the same person :P
Maybe will actually say something worth tweeting today.
Aw.... I'm glad your feeling better.
Our guide in Spain didn't meet us until day 3, and only when we spotted him emerging from a bar. But man, those bars in Spain are spotless!
12 at ten am
Your not alone for the dreaded QLC! Check out the 4 girls blogging about theirs @ stratejoy.com for some inspiration! :)
You fuckn up kobe
Eff you Windows 7 installer. You and your damn errors.
When uses double standards <<<< #jerk (:
Let the night begin!
what they need, is what i have ...
time for a second dose of brain juice.
RT : “A man who does not think for himself does not think at all.” -Oscar Wilde
Looking forward to this powerful full moon tomorrow!
you really don't?!
Ready to go home ..
no, I'm still waiting on beer!
Still have the lingering headache. Must be #stress. Going on 5 days now.
I have an extra ticket for the X-Factor next Thursday. Who wants to come with me?
Nick Collison jumper DRINK
How do you stay calm in an IEP meeting?.
Well I was hoping to move Fanfest to Sunday at 3ish, but after that the agenda looks empty Glen.
i cant handle all of these bruins tweets!!! <U+E404><U+E32C>
Just leaving work, super ready to be home...
Completely agree about engagement, but its hard in most venues to allocate twt seats that dont disturb others.
They should all go to my stache bash if they are all gonna meet up with you anyways. :( I really want to see Jordan
what did you have?
Damn, lunch fucked me up. Fuck you In-n-out.
haha mine was boring
Aw cant wait to see yeah :)RT : Today will be a good day!!!!! Ready to support my ladies
FYI Taste & Toast Thursdays 5-8pm is a FREE event. Live entertainment, chef demos, farmers market w/ a twist
Left eye cut, getting hammered, Gil Garcia still coming forward.
Test tomorrow, pap do thursday, and then nothing till vegas baby
Thank you for attending our town hall meeting today! We hope you gained valuable information on how school consolidation will impact kids.
Of Course You Realize “I’ am” Controlling World Events From This Laptop...
i seriously thought slapping it would work, i screamed like a little bitch:p
hate when people get mad at me hahah
fak! Lolol dang oh emm gee! >_< ... It's a permanent blind spot =P
so so ready
Didn't I see you on Chat Roulette you dirty dirty person?
Let's see what tomorrow has in store? Hopefully less eventful!
jazz music is all set for a fantastic wedding
Since that card-reading video, I'm ALWAYS walking around saying "AUSTIN MAHOOONE, YEAH YEAH!" (;
definitely give it a try! there are a lot of great ideas out there on meal planning and you feel so organized & accomplished
Mantracker has lots of female prey, but never does the 'Tracker have a female guide accompanying him. He sexist?
I'm so fucking screwed up you have no idea how much I hate myself
I guess the real question is...do you say it on your birthday?
#question r peeps still wearing colored contacts? Guys out here n Indy still rockin blue contacts like it's
Sign language presentation on cochlear implants and I forgot the sign for cochlear implants.
Does not know why people who play softball have so much built up rage?
so jealous of all these SD/ #MW2012 tweets.....
Pedicures are for winners. #hencewhyi'mgettingone
I just need to stand in the street and throw out twenties.
Funny. Their CEO has recently lost 70 lbs. He must not be eating in the park.
RT if you want Microfilm to do a remix of one of the new singles!! Thanks!!
People born in the Year of the Dragon are full of vitality & enthusiasm, but also foolhardy & a "big mouth" at times. Agree?
You got my reason that's all, I can show you all this love without a bit of sex involved
that you are and I know it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
You never really know who your friends are!!!!
Hey everyone. How is your morning going so far? Mine is going GREAT!
how about them giants baby xoxoxo
what's good son you see Fraz get robbed on that hit just now
I am so clever that sometimes I don't understand a single word of what I am saying.
ahaha ! Go to sleep freak !
Truest words yet!! RT : It's not the first three quarters you have to worry about with the Bulls, it's the fourth.
“ should be an actress she has amazing talent and passion for it so if u dnt like her than u dnt know what a TRUE FRIEND is “”
ate a bag of 'classic B.L.T." chips now I can't get the taste of lettuce out of my mouth...
You rule!
i'm about my fans the street made me Don Bivè im not up tight like how i was before i got shot thinking im better then every one
Only Followed U Cause I Saw U Ina RT. Follow Me For The Real Swag
I'm a gazelle!
Overcompensated while eating my chicken Caesar salad, and now I have too much chicken left over.
Anyone notice how sad the stock market is acting. Hope your short selling lines are out. The Clouds of misdirection are here
RT Mixing stuff better than I've ever seen him RT If there is an award for biggest turnaround, Randy Wolf.
+1"The most radical and transformative of inventions are... those that empower others to unleash their creativity - to pursue their dreams."
And I want to get tatted for my bday!
New art! New baby onesies! New terrariums! New soap! New Zombie Socks!
i bet you dont still have them textbooks tho
probably need the @ Twitter handle in there somewhere.
thx for the shout-out!
Currently 37. Low tomo morning should find its way to around 30. Road surfaces should be fine, but light accumulations still on grassy sfcs
kids have stolen 3 of our class iPods I got donated so they could do more interactivity. Why steal from urself?!
Both nights in Brooklyn are Futureworld in it's entirety plus "special" set. Different "special" sets each night.
Happy mothers day to all my fellow mommies out there!!!! :)
Blow Out T-Shirt Sale @ www.bleachercreaturesusa.com
I remember that! 11:44 seconds of awesome, minus the Ja Rule part lol
Science needs to be over... NOW!
. In this sandwich the bread on each side is delicious or at least showing potential.
Hey Farmers...Our strain of the day is George Clinton, stop by and say Hi!
Maybe it's like the old subway club card. Spend $25 grand and they'll throw in an iPad!
#AGT Amazing as always! Love you guys! Can't wait to see next week, :) Know you will make it !
Ya boy back on his hustle ya know what I been up to....
"Every day is a new beginning. Treat it that way. Stay away from what might have been, and look at what can be." - Marsha Petrie Sue
If you can't balance your campaign budget, how do you expect to balance the fed budget?
I think a mutiny is about to form at this post office
My sister comes home tomorrow ! Cheer practice bye <U+2665>
Much like the Native Americans, "The Avengers" uses every part of the Ruffalo.
Like the first speaker. Doesn't hide her disdain for people who deserve it.
Never confuse motion with progress! Every move should have a purpose.
One of my all time favorites.
I was just in a conversation that included the phrase “essentializing Hegelian dialectic.” I <U+2665> working in a university.
man if your on twitter and you're name or bio has #AmbitiousGirl...you get this face -___- that fits into
The most beautiful clothes that can dress a woman are the arms of the man she loves. ~Yves Saint-Laurent
9/30 Dessert Special: Lemon Ice Box Pie with Raspberry Sorbet, Whipped Cream & Raspberry Coulis
Sharla Passariello with her second goal of the match!! Come on you Bulls!
Now live on #FirstCoastConnect with
your offending me by saying that >:(
Ladies your weave shud b shampooed @ least every 2 wks Cuz nobody wants to lay next to a MUSTY CRUMBY weave! Thnx
Home made chicken pot pie. Who knew the secret ingredient was nutmeg?
most definitely will stop by! any films you suggest I see?
too much time and I think the amount of data they have is creepy.
I just paid for music. I've done something moral today.
We're getting rave reviews about David's massages! Hurry get yours next week for 50% off!
Favorite line from Pirates 4: "I support the missionary's position." The kids didn't get it. I'll explain in a few years...
starting to understand why coffee shops are so popular in Seattle. Rain rain rain here in Denver.
oh my
its so good youll like it
"How could Ohio counties called Licking and Pickaway not vote for Santorum?" -Andrew Sullivan. Heh.
Amen we are glad you were blessed! RT : got my cd last night after the service!!!! LOVE IT! Be blessed!
I'm so tired today. I didn't even do anything that required extreme work.
once you listen to no other music can compare. <3
In case anyone missed it, "Drive" is now on Netflix Streaming.
My tweets are bleak lately.. I have to go back to normal!
Getting my rook pierced in a few minutes .. currently
" Chubs" RT : What is a better name for a small male dog Gus or Chubs?
Life is full of adventures dont waist your time doing nothing. Explore it while you still young. (:
That back drop is amazing
Happy Anniversary! Hope u r enjoying you pregnancy even with the heat!
hello love (: didnt know you had a twitter!
Next stop:
We voted for your idea in the #PepsiRefresh challenge. Mira la nuestra: refresheverything.com/gala
Saw The Vow...great movie!! ;D
The Indiana Blood Bank will be at 2175 S. Hoffman Road Indianapolis, IN 46241 from 1:30-4:30 PM today!
RT:: If there is light in the soul, there will be beauty in the person. — Unknown
Pres. Day, Mardi Gras, & ash wed? Get f*cked up all week then pray 4 redemption!
#QuitActing like a jerk!
I'm just saying I can't help it if I'm better!
let FOLKS knw I called him yesterday but he didn't answer.. Lol.. Talking bout me
Off to Orlando! Wish me luck :)
I fuckin said it. I burned a bridge. I dont regret it
Tried to sit down at the Blue Dog table at lunch but Heath Shuler, said "seat's taken, little lady."
Be the #change you want to see in the world. Gandhi.
Havlat!! #Sharks steal one in double OT!!!
1st G-Vo video off "Endangered Species" - Coming soon :-) Video should be fresh.
All of a sudden, it's 2:30 am.
What do slurs and Mondays have in common? Nobody likes them unless something special happens
Bears get Brandon Marshall for two 3rd rounders. Seems like a good deal for CHI, no?
thank you sir, i appreciate it
Can you think of something special we can do for for the
AA credit rating, huh... I guess I should start investing in barrels and suspenders.
Congrats and thanks to for using soundibite including "mishegoss" in this morning's report.
killer night. rough, loose, heartfelt; just about perfect. here's to many more. thanks!
Happy birthday !
My knee is swollen
that definitely wasn't a hate tweet. I've been listening to your shit for years.
Yes I'm glad is back girl u beautiful chica...with size & brains/ beauty u are a force to reckon with
the finally got off of blogspot, huh?
Joshua Park, 36, has been arrested in Alamogordo for being in a vacant, bank-owned house with a Coke-bottle meth lab. "For personal use."
bored. Think ima dye my hair again
Guys, we all knew that Harry was gay..
Did you know that we're OPEN Sundays?! Call/tweet us or just COME IN! 1738 Telegraph Ave #Uptown #Oakland 510-832-1100
Go Magic. I have low expectations.
Cant sleep man dam..
been glued to the tv watching the #CaseyAnthony trial for a few days now.. its like a reality show + extra reality
: How is the event coming along?
No!!! Get a Nook! Barnes and Noble loves libraries, Amazon kills kindergartners with bags full of kittens
You think you know me, when the truth is you know nothing about me.
I am sick of efforts in public health to pathologize black women.
#JustRememberThat I will always love you <3
Good day, hope all is well. Wondering who designed your website?
#firstdayofschool ...not so bad
Was that spanish or gangsta? Haha
it's to funny'!
#newb just did his first twit!
Morris Claiborne for the win!
Ninth Suggestion, Life is so short and we never know what is in store for us. So always be prepared so that you won't have any regrets.
Interesting, but it also could be a challenge/annoyance for users to participate w/ to download or not to download?
5:30 am gym was a great way to start the day
I'm 3 eps behind on New Girl but am loving the athlete possibilities of Winston's new workplace. Might Fox Sports Radio personalities b nxt?
magic it only a allushion
Think about it: we are the company we keep.
mine would be another 6 wks, can't wait! let me know how it is.
you too! So sorry. I quickly looked for you but had to run back to the office for a crisis. Go figure! Great session today!
Now that's what I call a dessert. Need you in LA. Pumpkin cheesecake panna cotta maple caramel, gingersnap
Well, that's reassuring.
I want sweet tea.
REMINDER; daylight savings is Sunday. Don't forget to turn ur clock back!
Lets hang out and you should steal your moms phone so we can take IG phoe toes.
@ yup. Grew up in the middle of an orange grove!
Yeah! :) We miss talking to you! D;
I thought the same thing a good 2 weeks ago.
Premium support is a polite term for a coupon that loses value over time. The #Ryan #Medicare plan spells insolvency for seniors.
Glad to have the trades back today. It was getting a bit muggy in ole Hawaii nei!
It's #samesexsunday and we are just another day closer to the March on Washington!
thanks for a fun #smbmsp podcast. Happy Valentine's Day!!
What a cool article about you in the Deerfield Review!
Not the first time I've had a whole bus to myself
That's why I ain't wit da pressure...don't ask me shit ion do da checkin..
Today is National Healthcare Decisions Day!!!!!!!
no like -Abby
I bet I could make a dozen. :/
I literally almost cry every time I watch
Take a seat Mendenhall that was a nasty hit Nada!!
haha you right though
I need movie popcorn in my life right now
Thanksgiving coming up im ready to feast
You are an amazing role model! I look up to you because you're real and you don't care what people think of you! <333
hahaha! Good one “: Devil went down to Georgia.
Ordering dance costume!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083>
gun reviews . Where to get a new battery for my airsoft gun?
Careful out there, tweeps! Still getting lots of phishing DMs. Don't click any "is this you" or "you look funny here" links!
Thanks! That looks like a winner.
Why do I get the idea that I'm going to hate the Black Keys before this NCAA tournament is over?
Dick Clark Yesterday. Levon Helms today. Sad week for the music world.
The 50 most interesting stats from the '11-12 Bruins season - New England Hockey Journal (blog)
Cutting al my hair off tomorrow...
Happy St. Patrick's Day!! Who's got the Luck of the Irish today!?
At the salon and I need my hair re-bleached. Why is the owner/my beautician in the Dominican Republic! Everyone is lost without her. Ugh!
And William Hurt's sure as hell no Sam Elliott.
too many campaigns dominate the names of YT channels, Twitter handles & Facebook page names for our taste.
i clicked on follow u a few weeks ago.
<U+2764> U ~ Call me if you need anything done, except for like taking out the garbage, washing windows or cleaning out that shed. <U+2299>.<U+25CE>) °
Design without strategy is just art. Branding should be a part of every project. Agree?
Gonna miss a lot, but can't wait to get home <3
I caught you runnin ahead of the crowd i chased but never thought ide catch you
But yeah, I’m not sure at all that the Bulls are getting past round one. Doh!
Happy Sunday morning... getting ready to head to St. Sabina for worship. Put God first in your lives!
thanks for sharing! hope we all become successful entrepreneurs!
jenn. Wisco loves you. Come back soon!
AMEN, brother.
The Ill. Sup. Ct hears oral arg. 3/15 in the case our Institute has an amicus brief opposing IDOC's efforts to garnish inmate wages at 100%.
Dear Mitt and Ann: Don't say "Trump" or "money."
Who are these children in my kitchen?! "Would you like your grapes chopped or whole?"
NYC Mayor Michael Bloomberg has declared Oct 25-31 Magic Week to celebrate the work of magicians. Not something we would do in Toronto, eh?
Awesome! It's hard to know the best way to use social media sometimes.
Reward brand advocates by making them feel special, give them inside looks, contacts to inside people in the company, etc
From the "Far Right Conservative New Language" 1) Kenya: an island in the Hawaiian chain where President Obama was born.
You forgot
“: Church <<<<” you going to hell
Santa says at #SBW2011 he takes a cut from helper santas
And we thank you wishing you the best of luck in the MLS! We'll be keeping an eye on you, do us proud!
"You know why the Yankees win so many games?"--"The other team can't get their eyes off the pin stripes"-Catch Me if You Can
Don't feel sad over someone who gave up on you, feel sorry for them because they gave up on someone who would have never given up on them.
well, getting paul to sing "golden slumbers" was a good idea.
Shooting 4x5 film now. So excited!!
the cable guys were SO hot.
would love to see a copy of the ephemera paper; please share when you're ready.
YES! RT Also this summer I want to take day trips to the beach, go to DC, and QC all once my summer refund comes in that is lol
I'll stick with tweeting and retweeting solid information for right now, because I still have a lot to learn... always learning!
Looking for Pop Singer/Songwriters ala 'Nelly Furtado Style' email: (SERIOUS INQUIRIES ONLY!)
Happy Birthday
ayee . i miss you too. i cant even think of da last time i seen YOU lol . can u ?? haha
#4famouswords To Each Your Own
At Yamada Denki (Labi) even the vacuums can be tried out. 9 floors of wonder in Ikebukuro. Still need to check out "Mobile Dream" building.
..i wanna stay up and tweet but i doubt Twitter will run these damn 4miles for me in the morning... fMl.
The Bone did not win us a World Series.
Foie terrine on the agenda today
FYI: city hall closed today and non-emergency city services are suspended due to Good Friday
BIG, booty big booty big booty. UH HUH. UH HUH. Booty to the 1. 1 to the 2. 2 to the 1. 1 to the 3. 3 to the booty! Haha
So happy it rained! I get home all weekend!
I do too!
Mixed media: video, music, poetry reading, live chat, artists sketching # OGOpening
Finally looks and feels like #Winter in #Ohio. Are you excited or sad about this?
Harper told me he is not embarrassed by bat-to-face incident and it would not change the way he plays or reacts to tough games
Where is the sun
oh wow! Sounds amazing! Super jealous!! I def want to go to the next one. How do I register? cc:
fancy shmancy - I'll touch base when I have the extra funds to throw around.. hopefully soon :)
I Aint Gonna Lie I Wanna Smoke Some Weed And Be High Like Mofucker Even Though Im 15 Still idgaf.
Our third son is due in October but we've used up our favorite boy names. Any suggestions?
Bliffert Hardware Anniversary going on now. Band plays at 1pm.
Hey Hope all is well.
please just marry me already. its bound to happen sooner or later.
Idk man sororities are kind of stupid you pay for friends just saying
I'm at 7th right now
Tried following the #Apple #iPad announcement on TweetDeck...but the stream was so large it crashed the program. Still can't get in..grrrrr
I love meeting prospective buyers at open houses. Great opportunity to meet nice folks I might not get to talk to otherwise.
i know Im so happy
Enjoy the show last night?!
Apparently no vibram fives at the store. Ordered online for store delivery next week. So normal sneeks in gym the next few days....
Just called the Batline. Batman didn't answer - how disappointing. Austin's foul weather means they might not take flight tonight. :(
Someone write my essay so I can watch Supernatural
Have a wonderful time! Thanks for using ShowClix :) Enjoy the rest of your weekend!
How the fuck does win a Nickolodean award when she's on fucking diesney channel? ..
HAHAHAHA Machine Elves!
Matte White
Pizza toppings get pretty wild worldwide - what's the craziest thing you've ever had on a pizza? Get 56% off Meglio's at www.crowdclick.com
The eve of my first half marathon
You should go, you might regret not going. Do you want to go??
thank the victim.
I love that I'm going to be seeing M83 tomorrow :-)
RT : If you want a 6 hour Best Show next week I need to hit 10,000 followers. Otherwise its experimental music.
The real race will begin soon. I speculate it will be a race between Obama and Romney when the GOP primaries wrap up.
it's pretty crazy.
Bass is shooting 100% in the second half thus far.
Wow! Just saw profile pic for first time!
So much for a peaceful butter burger. Party with 20 kids just invaded Culver's!
$3 drafts til 8 and free pizza while it lasts at
woah..what happened?
hell ya!! Jefferson earning that $$$ and Anderson schooling Billups!!!
I don't know if I am the worst cook ever, or if it was because I made a lowfat version, but the eggplant parm wasn't good:(
Oh and hellur! *waves*
Let us know your favorite part of the exhibit!
Gonna be home just in time to watch LSU kick some butt
I want some earings...
spam:p
Join for a free #wine tasting today from 5-8:30pm @ Montage Wine Bar & Tasting Room. 304 Liberty St., Morris, IL, 60450
Get it poppin like Kentucky on derby. Ya heard me
Have a great weekend!
pretty good. Editing a wedding. Just heard a rascal flats song I can't get out of my head now.
You may be deceived if you trust too much, but you will live in torment if you don't trust enough. - Frank Crane
Make every day the best possible day! :-)
i guess u can bring shady ass wit u lol!!
"The Boss" by Rick Ross "Umma Do Me" by Rocko "I Spend It"by Chainz, "I'm a Boss Remix" by Meek Mills
I fell asleep ten x while writing the same paper. I don't know why but Zayn's name was on there when I awoke.
Now Following
RT They giving me 200$ instead of the kindle fire... I told them oh thanks I'm still gonna buy the kindle for my mom
We all seek to attain the levels of fame & fortune which poker can provide, & the IPRA wants to help ensure that all have the same chance.
. Look forward to seeing #Cleveland fans
Can't get a signal at all! :/ Blows
Lovin the #oscars. Who's watching?
Fuck Monday love Friday...
No, I didn't know you were in LA. Did you move there or just visiting?
See me lookin pass limit she told me dont be scared now wwoww
Term of the day, found on an old handlist: "slip song." Rbms.info tells me use "broadsheet poem" instead. But "slip song" is so poetic!
heh, again actually. Damn CNN who the hell cares about her custody battle?
At least Zimmerman got Hamels back. I hate when they beam someone that had nothing to do with it. Assinine
Yeah I saw it in the theatre a while back. Was just wondering what you thought. I walked away not quite sure lol
has everyone received feedback yet or are you still working on them :)
If you're still up Happy Easter!!!
Omg. Gym was so fun today. feeling excited
Make Extraordinary Desserts a destination for your holiday shopping! Our exclusive cookbook, tablewear, and chocolate bars make great gifts!
where??? Swear I never see u at all in school<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>this weekend were hanging out <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
the next 6 people to follow will get followed by me and <---FOLLOW6
That laugh >>>>>>>> hahahahahahhaaha
If it wasn't so rainy all the time, I'd leave a trail of breadcrumbs. :P
Steve Bisheff...long-time newspaper columnist and author of the book, John Wood: An American Treasure, joins The Score at 8:45 on AM1510!
I feel like shaking his crutches to express various emotions is not what Sean Payton's doctor recommended...
Boy am i gonna have a long day!goin to bed close to 2:30 and gotta wake up at 6:00 2 be ready at 7:00!
great song @
Good idea...
I want like a steak or something [:
New West Summit Oct 16-18 at World Market Center downtown would be a good for photo ops
Just tapped #AnchorBrewing Christmas 2010 and 2011!!!!! As well as #BrooklynBrewery winter!!
I am SO Excited to see tonight. Pre-order special performance in BKLYN. Making my work day go by too slow.
: Awesome, presentation! We'll have video soon.
Just got back from Atlanta for the #DoveAwards God opened so many doors for my music, saw so many answered prayers, thank you Jesus!
Please everyone please follow the will for me please I want to follow up to it ==> FOLLOWW @ LEiLA_SWAG_ (( SOUTHOUT )) PLEASE GO EVERYONE;
Bought a new car yesterday!
i can't wait to see teen wolf and i think jackson is the alpha lol anyway if you agree plz RT
looks great.
I wrote a blog about not drinking alcohol 2 years ago. Since then, it's become a place where quitters leave each other supportive comments.
I'm opening up for Jesse Johnson formerly of The Time this thursday at Londzell's in Atlanta/Roswell. 8pm Join me there!
it would be awesome if they won on the road a lot. very, very awesome.
gina call me & we can meet by my old house, yeah? i think so (;
Taking crowd sources transcription a step further by asking ppl to make connections @ u.s. holocaust museum
Still sitting in the bar parking lot debating on going in.....
Be the shiniest Diamond of all by contacting Diamond Dezign Ideas for all of your business needs! Let the Diamond Shine for You!
ah shit that's even farther
thanks, guys :) Totally fine. Just annoyed that some people can't see giant pink humans with reflectors on them.
Chewin this new "root-beer-float" flavored gum for the first time...The verdict: incredible!
of what?
i am too sober to be around this much family right now
#libchat question: any suggestions on how to boost training skills for cataloging on a shoestring budget?ConEd?
smh me too man for the past 2 days !
Elle Fanning is a little girl? Coulda fooled me.
HAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAH. this proves that I need to go to bed .. Awkward .. Time to delete that tweet ;)
Thanks so much for coming in- glad you loved the crab cakes!
Every time we sit for a meal, is a chance to regain balance. - Maharish Ayurveda
Great pic! Hope you have a great day!
RT : Teachers send your email your bio/resume and a recent photo to .
Where's the link to your book?
I want to thank the IADO for everything they have done for me. I am honored to have their support.
Wow I have the Food Network Following me!! Thank you what a privalege.
Happy Birthday OG.. Keepin it funky for another year..
There needs to be a birth control pill for men. women carry almost all of the responsibility/burden when it comes to pregnancy prevention.
thank you beautiful!!! Was just checking yours!! Thanks for the connect!! Love your style!!
thank you :)
This lady is really cool...she should stop kissing me so much in public though...i hardly know her
NADA.... just post some vids on fb or something...
can I come
I'm naming my dog Sir Licks A Lot and you can't stop me.
Have a great weekend! Thanks for your support! You inspire me to do the things I do everyday!
Had a long day
So glad requested my full! After reading his book I really think we'd make a great lit match! He RT'd my rev! Fangirl moment!
we had really good guard play from our freshmen, they're the base and the new guys will mesh well, focused on bigs in 2013
Jan. 2011 issue MAXIMUMPC complete set protection strategies for your computer/network. One of best to use live CD/Linux Distro for banking.
If I had my way, things would be totally different. Still gonna keep hope alive though. :)
thanku for s/o earlier xx
Much better, good recovery!
Lookin to get my tickets for the next concert down here! Ready to rage again;)
RT : It's spring break for a lot of college kids, therefore I don't feel guilty for crushing this beer at 10:30am.
it's like an after party in here.
Whew! Missed by a few inches on the map...! Welcome to Springtime in Tulsa...The weather folks are going tor an Oscar the whole way!
quit facebook?
Thanks for the shoutouts - Hope you had a rockin’ 4th of July weekend
Life can bring so much discouragement, but if you remain faithful to the vision God has given you, it will come to pass (Hab. 2:3).
Funny! I know the feeling....it's odd when you actually can sit in one place on the computer. Have a great day!
sure!! Thank you! Happy Holiday Weekend as well! :)
Last couple days in #Bogota - will miss an amazing group of colleagues here.
Maybe. Right now they're irrelevant outside of BYU fans, IMO RT Their respect was earned with #Wins. BYU can earn respect same way
I'm was born in Turkey but moved to the USA when I was six :)
that dude's a monster.
intel? :)RT : spending the afternoon visiting jewelry stores...what should I shop for today?
aw, and I think he could be cute. So congrats on being cute and not someone who promotes binge eating on TV for money ;)
Party! RT : Seen on Prospect and Juneau at 9:32pm on Monday April 11, gentleman running completely naked. Completely. Wow.
But I already bought you pot and a boot-full of cowboy tea!
Dear Magic Castle, I want to move in. Love, Minks (my magic name)
u there?
Bored out of my mind...
Looking for a designated broker in MD. Must have completed National Safe Exam. Current MD LO License preferred. Message me for more info
she has been refused to participate to the fully booked Archive 2020 conference... :(
YOU AND YOUR MEN ARE THE WORST THING TO EVER HAPPEN TO NASA!
Finding a females with good conversation skills is tough..i found tho so I'm good<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
BEST.NIGHT. with & <3 They're the BEST dates and seeing made my night even sweeter! <3
I always enjoy our talks.
Everything grinds to a halt when your computer moves at the speed of
Totally shady and coercive practices at the church that is my polling place (no. 63) re #Amendment1 : many bible verses on wall of voting rm
It's madness at the ATT center.. go spurs..
Surprised how believable Justin Timberlake is as an action hero.
here u uhh, screw this i dont know how to speak british. MY MOM DOES.but i dont.if only i was british...THAT WOULD BE AMAZING
Life is bitch, but I still love her...
bro shits tight
In the long run the pessimist may be proved right, but the optimist has a better time on the trip ~ Daniel L. Reardon
Reading a 500 page book about the history of cancer is probably the most depressing thing ever
can feel that my eyes are getting abit swollen alrd. :( It's okay. I'll sleep like a pig tomorrow. ^^
thanks 4 an awesome stay in #NoLa! Ready to book rooms back there 4 #Superbowl 2013, but can't reserve that date online? Help?
Entering the brave new world of online-only history courses this fall: Contemporary US History (post-1945), 3 credits, 14 wks, Blackboard.
Econmists from right and left agree there is little evidence to show that tax holidays increase economic activity or create jobs.
So many creeps on the LA news attacking girls..with the variety of weapons I own I'd LOVE one of those skeezes to try me. News makes me mad.
O'Neal: 7 more ppg, significantly higher usage % with almost the same offensive efficiency, PER of 27.0 vs. 22.0.
I LOVE her songs :) #GiveYourHeartABreak is the best! :)
High-Priced #Wines Hottest in December. Domestic varietals at $20-plus increased 26%; all domestics grew 8%. Via Wines & Vines
NSD, Austins confirmation and Austin getting his train tracks off, could it be a Better day??!!:D
Maybe we, why don't we just sit right here for half an hour. We'll speak of what waste I am. And how we missed your beat again.
Craft just got thrown to the ground a.d the ref watched
gotta sho this thu, however we can set something up soon! xo
please to mintzplasse to follow me direct msg him please buddy
Sitting at my aunts house looking at old pictures. :)
I can see the Spark from here! and the lucky ones at
continuing to kick butt! Way to go lady.
I think my favorite performance from the #BTWBall was Scheiße. The choreography was OUTSTANDING!
we got the inventor of the Rock-Afire Explosion robots to program, shoot and edit that!
Another day of great weather, another day closer to Opening Day! RT if you're as excited as we are!
RT : we're looking for blind iPhone users for a short, remote, paid study ($10 for ~30 mins)--reply (or DM) if interested
bout to Tra La LA!
to be honest I haven't. But I really would like too.
ofcource<3 but .. your perfect so lol.. you can't do anything wrong:)
it's so nice to sit in my own space again
How do you us timeouts
Limobuses.com has rental packages to casinos, bars and nightclubs in our luxury VIP Party Bus! Call 619.225.8466 for details
I am a humanities salesman.
Screw a wink and a nod. The Obama team went for the full reach-around on that one.
better that bag than someone body. Havent been this upset in a long time
Just turned Red Dawn on at work
Have a great week everyone!
well i was supposed to go to california/L.A on the 20th, but amazing news, we're leaving friday after schooll. i'll be gone till Febuary!!
Love it RT : Just biked to work for the first time. All extremities accounted for. GREAT SUCCESS.
Update on Dalmatian/bulldog "Pajamas" - her weight is now 49lbs., up from 28 late January. Great!
got 15k patch <U+263A>
Teacher: Why don't you have your home work? You: I'm leading a protest on tree abuse, what did the trees ever do to you?
Keys to social media games per Brian Reynolds of Zynga: play (fun), express (show success to others), invest (do things that will pay off ).
#confession Despite everything, it's still going to be really hard for me to resist the urge to go for a run today.
i know i used to do that if the female wasn't in a relationship for at least 6 months or married i wasn't interested
I'd be surprised if J has not changed his goals toward directing/behind the scenes stuff. As for JP, he can raise a kid in Van.
Fun! Will need to hear you sometime, dont want to hear me tho!
Aw, hi!! Thank you so much!! RT I love "Stupid and Seventeen". I cant stop listening to it!!!!!! :)
Hi Bill, As soon as we have a firm timeframe, we will post. It's been a long journey, but we hope to make it worth the wait.
No Doubt
When doors get slammed in my face thru out life..theres always windows that are unlock...
Now I can just relax
wowww, i TOTALLY had no idea that my hair was in a loop
Chilled w my girl a little bit..can't wait for this game later today!!
" I #needaFIJI. I just mowed the lawn and its the ONLY water I drink!!
Initial iOS5 reaction is that text input is slower (3GS) but the small UI changes are a nice improvement
very good indeed. Still amazed how quick they found it and went right in.
how IS your birthday going?
Great to hear we were able to help you!
Good night! RT : Goodnight and and
One side note is that dads didn't push wearing hats onto their sons. My dad wore a fedora all the time, but never made me do so.
You are NOT black!!!!
:) So, what else is new?
Why are the judges being so mean to ? I think she did amazing!
“: Sam the cooking guy visited today!” Awesome!!!
GM all
Billy Bob Thornton is the best choice for a role in a movie that calls for a drunk!
God dammit, Mikey's installing more poles around the house.
u started that hashtag not me. I just wanted it to have a little more substance to it. Fat boy.
Distance makes the heart grow fonder.
Still a 4-2 road trip. Will take that every single time.
"Make me a Twitter account. What if I want to Twit something?" --my dad (aka )
Glad you joined the Boston DH group Giuseppe! I look forward to meeting you in person.
Call me Lil'Wayne cause I'm lickin on your lollipop!
change what u can...
I'm begining to feel sorry for this Karma chick. Everyone keeps calling her a bitch
aw thank u so much <3
Ima Put A End To All This Shit This Week
thinks there is something really fishy about that whole octuplets story. None of it makes sense.
Who does Aaron Garcia think the best quarterback in AFL History is? Himself. Nothing against that. The man is an legend
I need you to give me some feedback on my music? Tell what songs you like www.Facebook.com/whitedawgmusic
i hope you learned the first time and wont do it again .
don't stress! I'm sure you'll do great!
R.I.P 12 time Pro Bowler JUNIOR SEAU.. Gunshot wound to the chest.
Shit now I'm crying in the back of my statistics class.
Hey! Thanks for the welcome :) Have a great week!
"LASERS! THEY DO EVERYTHING WITH LASERS!" haha
David Beckham drives a Navigator L...wow! I like this guy
Your family is hilarious :) I'd do the same thing if the press was all over my family. Maybe now they'll leave you alone!
Learn how businesses to use online video to attract more links and prospects to your website
although johnny stokes is a complete douchebag, i do enjoy reading some of what he has to say. he's not dumb.
do you have an online portfolio or instagram?
Thank so much for helping us support #volunteers! FYI: We've extended the grant deadline to March 7!
Where Is The Six Flags ?
Goin to see the Avengers!!!
Great win for the good guys. GO MAVS.
Just saw our promo during the Oscars! Highlight of the night.
that text you get from your boyfriend threatening to break up with u..... #bouttocry #depressedtweet <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
I'm mad at him too!!
help me get 55 or more followers on instagram; Johannax33 <- follow me(:
I'm so happy that God has blessed you with your own show. You have a wonderful spirit. Congrats I'll be watching.
Love the new look, ! - are you taking appointments?!
If you were Arnold's Bar and Grill last night, what's your experience with the band?
By some amazing coincidence Grandparents' Day Lunch falls during the Scholastic Book Fair at my kids' school. What are the odds!
Had a great meet up & lunch with the librarians at yesterday. Wonderful group, campus and library! Thx for a great afternoon!
That works
Heading on a vacation? Give your appliances a break too: unplug/ turn off all you can and set heat at 55, lower water heater temps to save!
are ya still there ?
Why would you ever watch SBTB post Zach Morris and Kelly Kapowski?
We end up hurt because we give ourselves to people who we think we're safe with.
yes! Call me in the AM !
I could care less who won, I just wanted game 7 to give me something to watch
jasper of course
no leave it on and jus tweet me
But just to make sure we're clear. Right now LP is on break and Kasey is not in the group. Just Melissa & Diana right now. :)
Yo are you about this re-twist life tomorrow?
How sweet that she'll likely be trick-or-treating in the same neighborhood her mom did!!!
Thanks!! Glad to see some Chicago sites up there.
I'll RT it : "I really wanna kill a pig at the end of all this. Sacrifice it to the DH gods."
Be happy! Your AAAHHHMMAAAZZZIIINNNGGGG!
I am great... How are you and your daughter
Disagree-Sterling Cooper Draper Pryce episode was chalkful of excitement. Plus Mad Men isnt about "excitement"
I LUV HI RIZ!!!!!! I LUV THAT GIRL GROUP:) STICKS AND STONES IS MY FAVORITE SONG:)
..."if I was 50 years younger I'd kick your ass"
Marriage is spiritual, so why do people seek it thru means of the world?God ordained marriage, why seek a husband/wife like the world does?
It comes on Fridays @ 9 on the CW. It's in it's 6 season & they say that Alona might be returning this season we gotta see. :)
TIL Henry XIII's "walking stick" was a handgonne (polearm mini-cannon) dressed up as a godendag (just look it up). Lovely man.
lmfao like i seriously didnt wanna look- but had to go back n look bc it was tht nasty
RedirectMatch is your friend :) key thing is to get the org to agree and remember to sustain the old domain record and redirect.
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone! Keep on tweeting positive and enlightening messages. Give thanks everyday, each day is a gift. :)
LIghts out in San Fran on monday night football.
you really didn't like pussy clock?
Another awesome #FollowFriday! Great science ladies
We're looking for some guest bloggers for the next couple of weeks! If you're interested in writing a post send us a message. :D
fo sure “: mentioning me in the tweet wuld be great. Dats why I follow yo ass!”
I will be attending the advisory board meeting tonight. No, we can't advise them to trade for Kevin Durant.
Real niggas who put they dick in without a condom YOLO :)
"Father, forgive them" (Luke 23:34) Ignorance is no excuse. Christ’s death, Christ’s forgiveness is still required.
Jackson State University And The PVAMU Marching Band To Compete In Exhibition @ The 2010 MLK High School Battle Of The Bands-Houston 1/16/10
Any facebook friend who comes in between now and 3:00 today (Wednesday) can get a Horseshoe and fountain soda for $6.00.
The #lakeshow has won 7 straight #game7 at staples. I hope okc did not get to much rest.
listening to and love Love LOVE both of them especially
must be a DUFF
Margaritas are the new bloodies! Come cure your hangover!
S/o to them Dumb boys for TYRNNA fight them marines yall ion as soon as the poilice came yall woulda ran #thinkbeforeyouact!
Let's go #caps! Then the Avengers... AGAIN!
Happy 80th birthday !
I'm just happy to have a tweet people are replying to
congrats making the tourney. Good luck to you and the bobcat nation. We will be cheering for you here in Marietta.
Good. I need to be connected to you to twin :D
The first private media-only preview keys start going out in about 25 minutes!
linda las uñas!!..
Sending good thoughts towards today!
Anyone heard the new Kanye West song ""Theraflu?" Fail or Cray?
Texans up to pick
Uh foul!
when u gonna lace em up for the nugs again
Wishing I could get tickets to Austin's NYC Concert & Meet him.. But .., I live in Florida -__- -Ally
loves the 90s station on sirius radio. listening to my childood. bump it up!
This new stationary I got has a kind of depressing fogscape on it.
So I 90 is closed. on the westbound side. due to an avalanche. But its I wait here nicely .... I'm gonna making to Seattle tonight baby!!!!
if I can help someone reach a goal then I'm all about it. No problem.
good morning!!!
After silence,after cries,after thoughts, u realize life goes on after that frustration,after that happiness,after that pain,& after sadness
no he thinks it's cute!
when you brag about your self so much I can't help but get in attack modeand jump over the table
I love the new twitter layout. It gives me inspiration to tweet again.
Pretty much my car windows fucked for good now. Terrific
Jennifer, great meeting you at #styleX yesterday, let's chat again soon
God bless everyone!!!
Just had a Adobe Connect class discussion with of SPU. Pretty cool environment.
It's a thing. Not quite a handicap, but...
Love it!
Me to the guy buying pregnancy tests: I bet you wish she sent you for tampons.
Twitter can't impeach the President of the United States. What are the charges anyway?
i am so up right now
Thanks alot bro! same here man, u cool, and i should be back lol I honestly wish i wasn't, i was jus teling that lol
It's on.
We should suggest this topic to a Twitter chat that focuses on blogger relations/pitching. Any ideas?
RT : Mark Feldman on the environmental photography of + Inspired by
thanks! I'm still thinkin about bacon.
Stealing a truck is one thing but then taking the dog along with it. Wtf is up with people these days.
I did not
suck me Nani !!!! BAILZ PAGLIACCI IS THE GREATEST RAPPER TO EVER LIVE !!!!!
Observations of the Day: 1. NARA has its own subculture, 2. Historians have their own fashion code. You need to know both to make it work.
usually im just having convos with myself saying random things lol.
whats the problem?
sounds fun!
There's just so much wrong with that, Do not want!
yajaira! Bro, who is he ? Is he asian! *hope its asian* omg! Yajairaaa!
ah, my git is not very strong. i don't know if i need to fetch or rebase.
Cats are like boys. Both can't tell the difference between when you're just playing and when you actually want them to go away.
Why do I get the stupid ones? Haa
Thanks and thanks also for the RT!
I'm not fat. I'm just so sexy that it overflows.
I was about to say patriots play smart football but that guy flopped like a trout on concrete.
Not true!(x
come back desperate house wives imy!
There has been a lot of talk about Seattle getting a basketball team. I would feel bad about stealing another cities team, but not that bad.
He looks good! And if he can 'mostly' keep up with you when running, that isn't shabby at all!
I love my puppy but I swear I'm going to punch it in the face.
What would you have done? Too early to bring in dotel/etc, guys on the roster, you don't like him send him down, if not he pitches
T.Jefferson said Democracy depends on a "knowledgeable population"...WE ARE IN BIG TROUBLE!
lol she is leaving for the Fall and needs someone to sub lease her room
lol! I think it was a tie!!
Is anyone going to the #TimMcGraw and #LadyAntebellum #concert tonight?
A recent survey found that 44% of people plan to dine at a restaurant for Valentine's Day! Are you one of them?!
Now all Beyonce's, Lucy Liu's and Babydolls; get on the floor.
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0097>
Hey its ok , I too averaged 1.4ppg my senior year. But then again, I'm not an evil, soul-less, nimwitted sell-out.
I love when i get on a bus and the bus driver is a woman. #Feminist :)
Oh yes, District is quite popular! You have excellent taste sir!
im magic :/
Molly has drunken hiccups, lolz
And frankly I absolutely hate when people blame stolen things on me. I wouldn't do that, I'm not white trash.
I just hope that you miss me a little when im gone.
Its funny how niggas nd females turn gangsta after high sku. . . Smh only in arlington !
Hi Rebecca - Great speaking with you today. I hope we can get started soon on the photography web site. Cheers!
cannot wait release our new stuff to you guys :) and, as an added bonus, the new EP will be 100% free. get stoked!!
OMG William Levy in white pants shaking his butt on #DWTS!
Rough day but nothing a little pizza and a glass of wine couldn't fix!
Well more shopping today an than hit tha club tonite wit tha gurls
"Knock knock!" "Who's there?" "God!" "God who?" "Just kidding, there is no God!"
With this in mind, it's best not to take public favor too seriously. If they dislike you in 20 minutes, take it in stride :D
Have u ever tried to sleep then some stupid nigga wakes u up
Tonight!!! We have a good show in store for Doors open at 5:00PM we play at 7pm #KURUproductions will be there Filming the Show
Painted my nails~~~.
Thanks, they will be offering free gifts to Cash Mobbers.
"The fear of the Lord prolongs days. But the years of the wicked will be shortened." Proverbs 10:27
I would have politely coughed into my hand and sayed "Crazy" at the same time :)
Keep us posted on the overhaul. We're looking forward to seeing your new site! Have a beautiful day!!
haha it was a classic mixup. I thought she had left for work you see.
haha idgaf . Delete ur twitter if its a problem
My house is just a big load of drama
haha I think u proposed to my friend sheena and then turned around and made out with some chick...rock n roll
im in a drake mood .
u in bia's garage?
Say what?
Tonight. Annie B graces our stage. The gals got a voice. Come grab a BBQ and find out why she won WAMI.
Hey how r u
- I love how they're acting like culture is going to change. This is football!! Sucks to wake up and find out like that.
Those times when you just wanna escape everything and run away with that one person <3
RT : I wonder what the numbers would look like if you included labor and the arts in this study?
Gotta see "the hottest new thing in candles!"
Its hot inside my house ugh
Awesome! Are y'all planning on joining us this year?
Oh baby when you cry, your face is momentary!!
Wealth is finding love in yourself... finding an unlimited amount of divine energy at the core of your being & sharing it w/EVERYONE
The 2016 election is going to be about two things - going back to the past or going forward into the 21st Century -
yes, saw it - so much going on this weekend - when are those clones coming - it is 2012 already, chop-chop!
Cut and Color with out Junior Stylists Erin & Brittany only $75
working on ebay,com
Recovery International Tool of the Day: Don’t look regretfully into the past or fearfully into the future.
Getting a shine on my shoes before giving a $1,000,000 check to the Visiting Nurse Services of NY.
Love sucks
Did you know that 106 schools have been failing for 7 consecutive years in CT!?
where do you live brub?
Cyber shibboleths: Telegraph View: Biblical texts make fine computer passwords.
This is more than a crush more than a like like more than a love<3
Nothing like curling up in a comfy chair with a good pathology report...
Every time a girl gets a new weave they always look like a different person >.<
#Truth RT : The people that have the most to say, are the ones that do the least.
thanks we need it! Amie hurt her thumb! Wiki hurt her knee! (Someone stood on her knee!^) hah abiee also hurt her thumb!
<3 how are you?! x
Steve Toure received a bronze medal on the National Roman Civilization Exam, Lower Level Exam.
is really in need of a NAP!!!
Ball So Hard U has a late cram session tonight.
la ink was way better than miami ink and ny ink ugh missin some kat von d on my tv
Apparently I'm easy to fall in love with but hard to forget.... Uh thanks?
i'm not masturbating but i'm feelin' myself
#bettywhite always bringin class and good humor to the
You could meet a boss battle at any moment. Carry a lot of potions, and save frequently.
Awesome! Let me know if you need any help/tips. First things first though, you gotta get a picture up! :)
F.I.S.H=Fuck It Shit Happens.
she probably a baby mama! He don't probably answer her calls or she just wasted
Haha, I know, I saw the comeback - just tryin to give you shit. Flyers win tomorrow & you may as well bring out the brooms brah
I am a very happy Jets fan today.
Yo mamma is so hairy you almost died at birth.
Muted reactions to French/Greek elections on Wall St. Key averages see modest losses. Dow DN 40 pts in first half-hr.
I miss the show Brandy and Mr. Whiskers ):
Man fruity pebbles sound good right now
This has been the scariest/saddest/weirdest/creeperist week ever. I feel like know one cares for me. sometimes I wish you could just rewind.
#ReasonsToSayAmen You just watched an episode of, "Amen"
Not perfect but the best I can be & god thinks I'm to die for.
That is definitely a "fat guy" appliance. Moo-moos and piano case coffins would be the next logical steps. Don't do it.
My cock always shoots for the stars.
crafting with cat hair...may be the only way to become more of a creepy cat lady than I already am.
BINGO is open to everyone! Game pack start at $12. Additional cards available. Come on by the Cultural Center. The fun starts at 10:45am ...
great article right there. Like you, I too feel like this is the end of the road for an aging team. I'll say OKC in 5
your work is phenomenal. I can really tell that you love what you do. You truly are my inspiration!
#GoldMedaltwit Stay away. Unreliable, unprofessional. Canceled visit on me 1 hour before supposed to visit and they didn't care.
#JamminforJamaica tomorrow night Murfreesboro! 7:00 #NelsonMcBride opens up the show! All donations go to support a mission trip to Jamaica!
RT : RT : Do you love Indonesia also?
and you know this!
My teeth keep biting me
Hm... didn't think it would be THAT store...
Just got back from a great meeting, feeling good about the future of #academia and #labor: when our powers combine...
Follow BEST FRIEND EVER!
dude, the more beer pints, the less brain cells : p
r u going to cover any songs soon? BTW i loved ur cover for how to love and let me love u
yes!!!!!!! I can't wait for that smut to start up again!
Love has no meaning to this damn generation..
Wow, Dick Clark just died of a massive heart attack.
meeting with these guys today - www.INVartistnetwork.com
im cooler :D
The Sponsors we just adore!
Time to relocate to NYC! :) RT : I officially no longer DJ anywhere in this city. Almost retired I suppose.
As if job interviews weren't stressful enough, Sotomayer gets to answer the potpourri of questions with all of America watching - good luck!
"The essence of philosophy is that a man should so live that his happiness shall depend as little as possible on external things."...
So glad I got switched to the morning shift!
Come out for our #FirstFridays! Food, music, entertainment and GREAT HAIR SERVICES! Make an appt. now during #happyhour! 510-832-1100
Free Beer and Kickball tonight at Main Street Gardens 6 - 9pm.
Waste money on a book that has no value or buy a book to gain control over you healthcare forever. www.authors-corner.com/faulkner.php
Have u ever heard of a lazy fart lmfao (inside joke)
Love this: "The Dream Team" on NBATV 6/13. Footage of Chris Webber & Co defeating their idols/NBAers in a scrimmage. (via )
that might be a job for xul-runner. Could fake a browser session somehow using a small browser?
#ThatAwkwardMomentWhen you wanna say something but you just put something in your mouth so you say hold on,suddenly it takes 10min to chew
Find our how our majors define us (and how they don't).
Nah, I'm pretty anti-meds myself. Gotta b on death's door, but I don't play w/antibiotics.
Darnit. :(. When are you gonna go see her again?
He sent me an autographed picture and baseball when I was eight years old, as a condition of getting out of a speeding ticket.
I'm not sure why it took me so long to realize that you could order stamps online from Seems pretty obvious now.
Either way, keep up the good work, nice to see the in depth coverage you provide compared to others who shall not be named, ha!
not funny!!! It's so nice here. I'm stuck inside unpacking..... I hate this more than packing
#sprint is on it when it comes to customer service!
OMFG HOW IS IT EVEN POSSIBLE FOR A HUMAN BEING TO BE SO DAMN SEXY?! I CAN'T EVEN. JUSTIN IS A SEX GOD
hey! Good and you?
Wait.. CU has a sports team that actually wins?
#thatawkwardmoment when you find out justin bieber is older than you
it's all good now. Like you said, it was majorly delayed. Can't wait to receive it!
Love the smell of rain on the asphalt but hate how it holds up production!
RT : Grace means undeserved kindness. It is the gift of God to man the moment he sees he is unworthy of God's favor
We finally got Kizzle and Jaw Breaker strains back...come on in
Cd is herding crowd outside for video
Every time you are tempted to react in the same old way, ask if you want to be a prisoner of the past or a pioneer of the future
hahaha huge pop
Gonna shower now ( o ) <3 d:
She'll bring out the best and the worst you can be. Blame it all on yourself, cause she's always a woman to me.
We want to so bad! We're working out plans for the future right now and we're not quite sure what to expect yet.
SAT word of the day: desiccated (adj.) dried up, dehydrated
Lowest gas price in Madison is at the Clark station on the corner of Park St. & Olin. $3.59/gal. Get a step ahead and pay less for gas.
At work n its already tryn 2 rain-ATL I know its been hot but all the rain n my hair #notagoodmix lol GM ppl...have a good 1 :-)
Snake laid eggs today! So stoked!
because if being sick. Headache etc. And my doc said i only should drink this
Our very own, will be tweeting LIVE from the and the All-Star Game tonight from #Orlando Follow!
Might I suggest the cake batter?
Sometimes the best thing you can do is not think, not wonder. Just breathe, and have #faith that everything will work out for the best.
Good morning! Still getting some Birthday greetings. Seriously guys THANK YOU!! I love you all.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
That's fabulous!
Watching viva la Bam:)........Gotta love <3
We released an update 4 SoundGarage Mobile (Free and Paid) versions.Feel free to update & let us knw of issues
Nice... see you at the show!
thanks, I'll dupe as well.
I wasn't aware that we're competing for that title, but yeah, you suck.
Idea: Fire Currie today, keep Martin & Snyder tomorrow?
so I trust you with a lot of stuff. How does it feel to know that I can tell you everything? :)
That awkward situation when your mom leaves you with the guests and you have nothing to say to them.
Is Vincent Orange trying to inherit #ward5? It's going to be a fight.
Haha! My inner 2nd grader loves this so very much!!! RT : Tuba plus tuba is FOURBA!
Rockefeller Archive Center to House Ford Foundation Archive
in crested butte, devine flourless chocolate cake. I have never seen so many women roll their eyes in delight...
My vocal hero is gone. Vocal performance perfection! Whitney Houston.
Hello who missed me
I know right :/
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BABBIIEEEEE (((: I LOVE YOU MORE THAN YOU COULD EVER KNOW. ps- I hope you loved al your gifts! <3
You'll know when.
Will I see you on Monday? It's been too long
Any Songs From Cocaine Muzik 1-4 U Got None But Classic On There!!!!!
trying to get back onto a normal sleep schedule...
I wish I would have known this the other day, I would have came and visited you when I was down there.
War & Pace #bookswithalettermissing - Story about the grueling aspects of marathon running.
“ Gemini is definitely able to separate sex, love, flings, and real relationships.”
4mile walk this morning to get my #Mojo flowing
fried chicken, yams, macaroni n cheese, greens, dressing n cornbread!
RT IdiotOnTour We agree about the new artwork. It's pretty awesome! LOVE YOU !
Dozing off and I have to do laundry and write a research paper.
Hey! Want your new track reviewed and shot into the Blog-osphere? Hit me up!
it depends on your clinic. Call your nearest for pricing.
Did not intend to start David Chang's The Color of the Land today, but wow! It's fantastic.
Thank you!! Anticipating more soon :)
Super saver day at Discovery world today! $5 off entrance if u wear green! Purchase item from a wonderful vendor market $10 off
It's important to split test all of your marketing campaigns & measure all of your results in business.
My phone is going to die can I talk to you later?
I know it. In my hometown.
ZERRAN. I haven't been on in awhile, Sorry D'x. BUT THANK YOU. HAPPY NEW YEAR TO YOU TOO<3
oh, nice! im back this day two weeks! just in time for a gig, when you want a cutting dear?im taking bookings in bodyshock now =)
PLEASE TELL HARRY, LIAM, ZAYN, NIAL AND YOU TO FOLLOW ME THANX I LOVE YOU GUYS!!!!!!:)
Belting/ Singing "On top of old Smokey" all night with && :) or the "Meatball" song hahaha <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0098>
Everyone! Go read The Unshakable Kingdom and the Unchanging Person by E. Stanley Jones. Ignore the style, drink in the insight.
5 y/o boy: "This store has EVERYTHING. Honestly, what more could you want in a toy store??" #ThanksBuddy!
yep...I was signing it...in ASL...
Hmm kinda makes us want to give a go & see if we agree.
With 4,298,091,700 Toots every single day in the USA alone... We've got a Job To Do. Please do your part. Thanks.
somehow obama talking about the budget crisis is a nice break from hearing ashley's voice.
text me Shaun :)
"I hurt myself dancing last night"
Off to Spain today for three weeks of eating, drinking, and learning.
Sending out Prayers to Japan:-) Love heals even it it takes time so send your Love anyway you can:-) Bless You Japan:-)
Here I am with a degree in theatre & a mile-long resume, but Kim K. Gets a lead acting role.
Check out
Tomorrow I'm leaving for California to begin my new life in the sun. I'd do a happy dance but I'm too tired from packing.
Wtf is a
wow brittani you look really tall.
Welcome! I'm new to Twitter this week too! When are you coming to town? Maybe we can collaborate on some projects later on.
RT My staff does most of the work taking care of our church today. It is my job to see to the church of tomorrow!
Ha, I was wondering how I started following her. You've just solved it, Rainn. Thank you for my piece of mind!!
haha idk. But I was the first one to make a keek.
My honore Thank you
#FF love to my new followers and ! Thanks for the add :)
Coulda done something last night on set that would ruin someone's day, but I didn't.
LMAO! RT : I've worked hard for my ass, I'm gonna look at it!
Doing all my hw today. Fun......... I lov distractions :) #
i hate when then tease us at the end of episodes - especially on season finales
True but its not always easy to point out.
I usually pee with no hands too.
Smart man + smart woman = Romance. Smart man + dumb woman = Affair. Dumb man + smart woman = Marriage. Dumb man + dumb woman = Pregnancy.
Wow I love being ignored by my boyfriend! Not /: thanks
A3: Relating a cause to a great personal story had been a great way to make a story sharable.
thanks a lot. I appreciate it. And thanks for the follow
I've been thinkin bout ya . Do you think about me still? no phone ,im completely fine with that. goodnight tweeters ((:
Spain is amazing! Wish I had more time to spend here, but excited for France. Life is good!
Yay! :) I love me BACON!
Today was on point...iWill be going to ASU ...
its soo sick :) you gotta blaze outta it! I helped him pick it out haha
Thanks RT: FundraiserDan: Hi Derrick! Thanks so much for connecting with me here.
Yes, that would make a difference wouldn't it, Queens vs. Midtown Manhattan. :-)
When our leaders act like clowns, who can blame the clowns for leading?
Real recognize real and you don't look familiar bitch !!
ha ha! Scrapple is as scrapple does!
Repeal Florida's "Stand Your Ground Law", it's a license to kill.
I've never liked Fairy Odd Parents.
there's like 5 days, they should do
#welp RT": Raven-Symone came out as a lesbian? Cool. Maybe she'll come out as irrelevant next."
Even my existential crises are having existential crises today. Everything just seems open to question. And this is a good thing.
I would say double that at least, JMHO.
Why is youtube going to delete the baby video ?
If you have time for drama then you aren't using your time wisely...
Taking the week off to prep questions for the all-star panel at the
The wind smoked most of it for me. Just glad I didn't catch my hair on fire - It swirls like crazy behind our building!
Penguins set to announce Crosby's ovaries are almost healed.
Thanks for following - Looking forward to your updates!
haha well then i look foward to it #gunnabelive (:
“: COME ON! IT'S #OPENINGDAY PEOPLE!!!” I'm feeling good about the Mets this year.
RT : Give your awesome nurse shout outs here
Ha! I'm expecting the same thing. Mine once ordered a Halloween costume and also found a DS he wanted on Ebay-close call there!
25 more views till 1,000 on my video for robert
omg i wanna see you so badly when u come to ny but the meet and greet price is $650... thats just way too much :(
shouldn't have let the eye doctor dialate my pupils. I can't see anything
yeah well my twitter is oops OP (over powering)
congratulations on the launch!
I wish I made you happy.
yeah for sure bro, we'll get on the court soon
how old are you?
Glad u were able to be part of it, but also happy to have u back in NY. Miss u
Awesome Catapult Finalist Night tonight....top college talent in the house! Great job #etcatapult!
If our businesses are to have any meaning beyond work, it must connect with what is most important to us.
Wait did that status include where I am?
Join us on the Weekend Sports Buzz now! It's Derby Day!!! Special guest Hansen the Race Horse joins us. 1450am or stream online...
Yes & RT : do you use it ===> VERY convenient but also very pricey.
I think that was my 10,000th tweet - I wanted it to be about something fun, one I love, a little DC, and oh, so me. : )
WHO KILLED J.R.? drudgesiren.gif
remember this? In our increasingly interconnected world, karma has become an instant reality.
o thought u said u had to much to do and u needed them to get in contact with me
Follow back khalid
Woman aggressively screamed: SHALOM at me - whats wrong with DC
#SAFAFTRA #oneunion yeah-yuh!!! I totally just teared up...getting verklempt...talk amongst ya'selves.
you should take a shower.
Time for some #yoga by then doing my running around
Headed to at 12 today? will be there, too!
thank you!
OMG! Please ignore the DM. It was definitely spam. I was hacked. :( I tried to DM you but Twitter won't let me. Sorry!
you should check out our iPad typing trainer. It definitely flattens that learning curve.
“: Once a hoe, ALWAYZ a hoe!” She Smashed The Homeys!!
This is a test tweet. Please ignore.
No game today at Coors! We wait until tomorrow.
Anyone have the #GalaxySIIftw? I want to get one so bad! I bet will run amazing on it!
Watched the tribute to Brad McCrimmon and thought about how fragile and short life is.
I might be late to this, but I'm enjoying your new twitter icon!
am contemplating it...love TACOS and local events -- will tap ur shoulder if we do make it!
Meek Mill go too hard on his new mixtape
OK....this is what i need yall to do... Pat your head and rub your belly....
RT Also: I need caffiene. Stat. All that's in the store right now is Diet Dr. Pepper... And that shit's anathema.
doesnt matter what i look like to people i just need some1 i can trust no body has that quality
We're excited too for the release of #pussinboots. Are you a big fan of the #shrek movies?
it's cold where I am too! Gonna stick it out though :)
SIEVE! 2-1 Bucky after a breakaway, great centering pass and score by Hillary Knight
We feel like we r at MKEs version of the Oscars
I love when people doubt me, cause when I prove them wrong they feel stupid as shit,
Name that lil baby bentley
Spoke with a MS rep who recommended taking IDL & MOF cert. test. Any thoughts on IDL or MOF?
Need to shop for a b'day gift for myself. Best area in Austin to do so?
I couldn't agree more
#Brooklyn 11223 I understand backing your friend up but at the end of the day you have to back yourself up first!
Why do I feel "Deja vu" when I'm star gazing? Oh yeah.......because I'm always stargazing..........
Could my night be any worse? <U+E403>
What is everyone up to?
a hot shade of black! Like a latte!
Changing up my website- need suggestions on website hosts that are easy-to-build (when you have zero html experience) & blogs
When Captain America throws his mighty shield, all those who choose to oppose his shield must yield!
When you want wisdom and insight as badly as you wanted to breathe, it is then you shall have it.
#nowlistening "Winds of Change" by The Scorpions
And I'd be there to catch him, then carry him through a crowd a la The Bodyguard.
These two teams have SWITCHED ROLES
A divided Congress & recovering economy has helped prevent that. I'm voting with 4.2M #jobs which means
Happy Emancipation Day!!!! #DCholidays!!!!!!!
RT : students can major in entrepreneurship but ANY majors should try to be as entrepreneurial as possible.
chill lol vampires don't sparkle that was only in cake ass twilight
Kemp intentionally walked, Eiether left hander, pitching change, left handed specialist, Eiether grounds in DP
Hubby is worn out, battling high bp, recovering from bronchitis. Plz pray for him as he ministers in prison this a.m.
#theakwardmoment when you phone goes off in class and your ringtone is "I'm sexy and I know it" :)
#waffleweDDs dinner out with coworkers or go to gym to work out so that i can use my $60 gift card that i am about to win!
My heart sank after hearing the news of Japan
no not really lol
"Your life does not get better by chance...it gets better by change." -- leader Faye
Taking showers when I'm in a bad mood. >
the struggle.
music and voice is amazing. When ever I'm on YouTube and i wanna listen to something and its you. ~from Liz S. Your Awesome
New day just searching for
I'm even less interested in the Oscars this year than usual, despite Billy Crystal's return. Much ado about precious little.
RT : It may be a speaker’s presentation, but it is the audience’s experience.
The hardest thing to accept is loving someone and knowing they’ll never love you back.
#FIXCONGRESS Everytime congress wants drug test someone 2 obtain benefits - call'em up & ask when THEY will take test! Lot more will fail!
CASHER NHL HOCKEY: Skate to victory with the Chicago Blackhawks money line. Look for an easy 2 goal or better victory in this one.
If your God thinks I'm a bad person, he can tell me, not you. :)
and gets the munchies together.
Oh the things I think of when I'm on fb. :) HAHAHAAAA i am hilarious to myself (:
thank u mama
in the lab with and readie cookin up a banger. see yall on espn.
bad kitty.
You were talking to her but messing with me. Why do you race through my red light?
#Celtics is about to Show #OKC that they aren't the only team in the playoffs that can kill another team. By 20 or more.
Try this: iamawesome
#HeavenFest! Our merch is in the main tent across from Everfounds table! Come see us!
It's great to have #options but at some point you have to #choose ONE!
YES RT : Brilliant idea! RT : Q2 - If its a gas BBQ organize a place to store a spare gas bottle,
happy 4th Birthday to my littlest one, Eilena Helen!
"Moonpie Muhammad"....classic.
maybe the police of Evanston need to deputize us?
Starting to save up my money to buy a gay present for her birthday! I hate you, making me spend my cash hahaa i love you T!<U+2665>
- i hardly ever use twitter, but to help you beat Piers, here i am :D
Yes, this time last year was crazy. I was prepping for the final shuttle launch and trying to find a new job. Hectic times!
I hear and I forget; I see and I remember; I do and I understand. ~ Confucius
I really enjoyed it! Hope I could provide some small guidance. Perhaps I'll see you this summer, keep us posted on how things go.
I have
No, I don't agree. the Culture Minister could have interacted with the provocation in many different ways, including refusal.
Max Payne Online is pure chaos and I can't win
wow yeah terrible grammar ftw. Definitely time for bed.
Ah... did you send me your MyAlganon display name?
did you get a chance to ship it?
so ... Sleezy Times?? .. The Sleezuation .. a look at post modern life??? haha ... Nice n Sleezy? ... sleezy does it? .. wait :/
at least you got hours YAY american eagle still #lovesyou :)
can't wait to have some great food (maybe some wine) with my good friend sometime soon. By the way, I live in Chicago now!
Congrats Luke! RT : LB Luke Kuechly and Carolina agreed to a 4-year, $12.58 million deal, all guaranteed.
Sometimes I really do feel like I'm being punk'd or like cameras should be following me. I mean...honestly. Natalie. Daily.
I swear, Mos Wanted Crew always gets the BEsT song ! I love it cx
hm hard question. maybe x&y. viva la vida is probably my favorite song of theirs
battle? cards? i'm too old and have been married too long.
OOh. More classes I'd like to take... Herbal Lore, Query Letter Workshop, Building Tension... Stay away, Robin, Stay away. Class is in 2 wk
Is that a shot at Wilbon?
Kilts and sporrans everywhere.
That was fast! Congrats!
That's so cool. I heart the Smithsonian.
goin dora,where diego
no . But u must still go all out lol
dancing to move your body by beyonce
first iteration: used coldfusion to append a URL prefix before the actual URL to log stats and redirect user
Facebook time
a HOMEMADE balloon nonetheless. lmaooo poor kid.
Honestly, is this real life? you should have kept my number for the future ;) xx
Broadway bar! Celebrating Alexs birthday
Ahaha! A lotta people do! He's hott too!(;
I saw Zayn's reaction to the boobies, once gay always gay <3 hahah
Ah I hate spiders!
Correction... I sat in the wrong seat. Just had a normal cramped turbulent seat on the plane. Oh well... back safe in Chicago.
Analysts - make sure you come say hi at Analyst Corner at the reception in Ariba Commerce Pavillion.
I love drinking in the morning! Merry Christmas everyone and take the Pack minus the points tonight!
Happy Mother's Day
#Kentucky gonna get this win
Step dad just lost all respect
Austin's best #HappyHour? Come by and see what you think. 5-7 today!
Obama adviser Axelrod coming to Bergen County on Wednesday afternoon to campaign for
Whew. My brain feels better. Got me some DQ.
I wish facebook had a way of uploading audio cuz I wanna share stuff I've been working with. aughhhrughgurh if anyone knows how tell me
Waiting on love bug to get out of work
Brunch is back! $13.50 for our all-you-can eat buffet.
How about Anastasia Myskina? She can get the family-values vote.
:') i'm such a weirdo huh, lol RT Lol made me laugh today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I moved from CA... Dr knowledge & openness is most important...Neurofeedback w/ intuitive expert is key... Talk?
RT "I am hoping this year the #HHAwards are catered by Jumbo Slice." -the lovely ladyfriend
One thing that I learn is to always think positive and good things will come your way
Haha. :] Nice. You are now special . ^_^
what does the son do for a living?
me too and a couple signs
I couldnt eat like a normal person :c My mom had to cut my food into small pieces <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> My mouth hurts bad :c
Hiya Meghan!! I know! And a lot of the information is "old"
how you been?
Welcome to who are working to build a new #hospice for young adults in the North West. Best of luck!
Thanks , , , , for your support of
Just finished #CatchingFire. On to #Mockingjay! Loving the Hunger Games series -- not what I expected!
Yup, playing FFXI at the moment though.
Thank you much for the RT! Enjoy your day.
: life is a big bicycle. Some of us are pedalling and some are dragging their feet
Ok, Buckeyes, you are in control right now. Bring home a win.
wait when ray and his friend came over
I gotta take care of this sf feeling
No worries!!! I'll happily enjoy my sammie enough for the both of us ;)
I wish I'd get a text & it be him telling me how much he misses me.. Ugh
completed Chapter 9 in
"Your habits determine your character"
DUDE. you are so fucking lucky. #jealousy. o and but you know that pink pen you found at your table?
You may have the same initials but he has more zeros in his checking account than you have letters in your full name.
if he has a deal for a tv show & he has a lockdown on the distribution then that's the one! :)
Keep it long!
behind the scenes video for comin' soon. Will be droppin' TODAY!!!
We are wrapping up some great projects! Check-in and checkout whats cookin!
I touched my math book as I slid it under my bed to forget about it existence.
Everyone wear blue tomorrow and be part of something meaningful.
RT : MLB has denied the Phillies' protest of Sunday's game against the Marlins. Move along. Move along.
Any predictions on where Peyton ends up?
glad to hear “: the issue has been resolved. Thanks!”
thank you. It will be engaged at 6pm CT
If im angry, I tend to tweet alot. I apologize in advance. Lol
Brilliant! That's adorable.
Haha! We're thrilled to have you join us tonight, Thom!
Totally :) I want to get that too next year!
I'm checking out the "new" twitter... kinda like it.
Thank you!
He probably doesn't even no I like him
Thanks for the continued #FF support! Have a great weekend!
@ Gift Theatre benefit. Awesome night. Talented actors. Good food. Michael Patrick Thornton - you rock! Congrats on 10 years of NW theatre.
Do we really like "cyberlearning" better than "ed technology"? Or did we just need something new?
RT : Come learn more about NMAP with #AmericanU students tabling today outside Mary Graydon Center from 11am - 2pm
Absolutely, please contact me, Nadia 314/369-7639 thank you & look forward to talking to you.
THANK YOU for making SET THE NIGHT ON FIRE your pick of the day! Smiling here...
Someone id LOvee to meet in person ! >>> idk why doee. but id be excited ! : )
BUT I still run
Congrats for ATT....RT : Huge day: On Friday, AT&T set a new single-day record for its iPad sales and activations.
Hospitality is one of the commercial real estate groups in which Remington has demonstrated exceptional financing expertise over the years.
come on bulls the sixers pretty much giving you this game
#iufb is hanging in there w/ #ohiostate at halftime. That's showing some progress. I'm impressed with Tre Roberson's decision making so far
literacy: the ability to understand, navigate, and leverage formal or informal information systems
I've got Bama and the under parlayed myself..
Ryan Gosling absorbed a LOT of '70s DeNiro to portray the cool BAMF (bad-ass mother-f---er) in DRIVE.
Internationally Acclaimed Marketing Expert Offers Updated Tips For Utilizing Humor to Reach Patients on an Emotional ...
Just had a table of 15+ special needs adults
Woo! Long Live Da Funk/let Big Boi go.
Another Day Another Dollar....
Please ... come to Greece (in Thessaloniki) for a concert! PLEASE!
I ate Sushi for the first time...look at me being all adventurous!
we will be talking about the role of art in city rehab today 6pm PT. We'd love to hear your thoughts, follow
Anne Romney actually asking people to hold their applause. I don't think I've ever seen her so irritating. Normally I like her.
Requesting additional funds to attend an electronic records conference.
For hassle-free auto repair and oil changes dial 405-887-2740. We come to your office,home or business
Congrats boys! You deserved it! Couldn't be more proud of y'all! <3 xo
My expectations were surpassed.
When I wear flowers in my hair ________
Remember the past, plan for the future, but live for today, because yesterday is gone and tomorrow may never come.
it's been a hell of a day.
Didn't play great but got the win and hit the game winner thanks to new kicks were grwat moving on up to D1
"Have you heard the 'No, me neither' joke?" "No." "Me neither."
A little bit far indeed. Of course, Swashbuckle is not that far off. Any room for metal at the con?
Looking forward to . Showings start this Thursday at midnight! Check it. Liam Neeson never disappoints
#librarypatrons man with fez and blue nail polish is rocking out on the computers.
No but you can be Stephanie and I can be Donald...:)
Getting my back deck done just in time for beer bq season #<U+2600>
RT : Wilson has nine this half. Rest of the #Badgers have six.
are you guys going to be in newyork this weekend.
Come record with $20/hr cd duplication mixing,mastering and exclusive hot new beats available call 407/914/8255
Will be porting the Dog Blog Site Template into a Wordpress template. Beginning work tonight at 9:00pm eastern time.
Prom go-ers got pulled over. **sighs** #memories lol
Do you trip off of your girl cheating if she fucking him, but she is taking care of you in every way possible while cheating?
This mountain dew #BajaBlast is hittn
AJ Ellis has been a revelation for #Dodgers I can't even believe what he's done at the plate. Right now he deserves to be an All Star
On the road, outta pot, but watching gimme shelter
Will join next on Fox Morning News to recap our DC trip
how does a crackhead buy crack if there poor
Can't wait to see the new exhibit featuring Lincoln memorabilia. What are some of the items on display?
YAY such perfect timing! Happy Birthday!
First day back home. Very nice.
RT : We're gearing up for Mothers Day & our Community Baby Shower ths wknd. What's the most important thing you learned from...
starting to look at the Android SDK; as if I don't have enough already to do...
Good morning #Indy! Here's to a frighteningly fun Halloween for you and (on a side note!) a BIG thanks to our 102 followers!
Bill agrees -- bears need to learn too!
Looking forward to heading over to #bizexpo to present #sm4sg with and
Suzie is so annoying
Dying laughing at our waiter sprinting 's - downing this purple marg to get to
It's Tuesday and you're drinking? Wow you are pathetic
Watching do homework as i do nothing
Just watched Friday's episode of The Shark Tank and that last deal put a huge smile on my face. Way to go
Another trip to or should I call it Burger kink since dis bitch talking like a pornstar
headcolds, another class on survey and evaluations, and power point is a nexus point of horror.
Congrats - that's a great day Passed! I am now, as they say, ABD. w00t!
sombody at my house dats fat ugly short n black hahah her name on twitter is kkisforever follower her to make fun of her plz ppls lol realy
Mr. Reese is actually a Nathan?
we could watch the Knicks game in ny on MSG. U couldn't watch it nationally Or if u have time warner b/c they don't carry MSG
Liam's afraid of spoons... Are you trying to kill him??
im so pissed!!!!!! my right earphone fell in my drink and the whole sound obviously went out.. i want new earphones!!!
we will save them!!! I'm taking one home with me
Going to play a video game with my little sis
Just overheard: "I don't even remember what Dukakis looked like".
Man.. I wanna smoke nbs.. wats good on a late nite session? lol
What a lively surprise to read that on Twitter, Mr. Lynam! Your students should know that you were a great--and fun--student!
Fort Lesbian!
Nice meeting you girls! Hope to see you soon!
follow back please. 4
The fact that I can now text one direction song lyrics and she can text me the next part back makes me a happy person :')
RT : Sneaks Up Mixtape Artist.... Last Call for Submissions...get at me if you want on...
Water bottle time :)
yeah it is pretty cute r u a boy or girl i am a girl !!!
Right on!
Any downed trees on your block? MT Sad to lose all those big old trees on Eutaw Place but happy no one has been injured.
Your kids r lucky to have a great mom in u my friend. Full of faith, life & love. God Bless you Cassie on this Mother's Day.
Welcome to the world of twitter
listening to King Tubby. He invented Dub. Kind of a big deal.
. Thanks. Looking forward to your posts and I'll keep you in mind!
being bored and thinking bout stuff
If at first you don't succeed....try, try and try again. And in my case...fail, fail and fail again. :/
rawr turns out I didnt need u after all I sleep like a little baby
Free tanning is the best kind of tanning
Watch Dante in the Overtime Concert @ Bowery Poetry Club Jan 19 at 10pm! Tickets are only $15, say DANTE @ the door!!!
Im not sure lol two other people own this account too but it might have been
o wow u betta pick ya feet up and yeah its next weekin
Out of my entire class right now there is a total of 0 people actually doing their work
i cnt try out for track no more i cnt stand wishy washy ppl tell u one thing n denie the other
If you ignore me, fuck you.
Open Forum today on the recommended governance structure for development and implementation of a new curriculum. HRC Auditorium at Noon.
When did we cross the line between "lovingly insane" to "F**INGLY insane"?
Well done response. Riley's "blind ignorance" as one commenter said is staggering.
Seeing cry is the saddest thing I've ever seen...
Easter Sunday Resurrection Praise & Worship Celebrations are taking place all over the world. The stone has been moved. Jesus is Alive!
There should be a list of reasons why women should not be truck drivers.stupid bitch almost killed me and everyone else on the freeway
I can try.flame live in his own world tho.lol
sounds good
last day of spring break...celebrating with a dc united vs. rapids game this evening.
is it unfounded, though? or founded all too materially on...*the hostility of objects* OK i've basically written my outline here.
I just thought that.. I was like "Hey - is running this meeting!" congrats, btw
I don't get it.
dang it! Sorry. Will post that later. On the road. Check the YouTube channel for now.
Give comfort to someone today. Help those who are oppressed by others.
its kinda weird when u hear of a friend going out with someone you thought dead lol sorry Bob lol
What an amazing finish!! The #vuelta never ceases to surprise! Congrats to Froome!
I hope someone took a screenshot of his name trending. Patrimony for his progeny!
I'm guessing the #Brewers won't care if it was a pretty win against the Cardinals. Just that it was a win.
With the best friendzz in michigan!!
White women i meet over the age of 35 get grouped into one name, lisa. I forget their names and all are called lisa. Jk
U bet
I feel like we might of but I'm not sure cause it started from like 3rd quarter
A #BFElvisFactoid - today in 1961Elvis Presley recorded "Can't Help Falling in Love."
Love it! : If was a song, said it would be Eye of the Tiger. Rock on, Survivor.
“: girl my head hurt e this hair” oh yeah I forgot
RT : Best part of Corey Hart's moon shot was LF Matt Holliday's non-reaction. Just turned his head and watched it fly.
I am such a procrastinator:\
I'm in the hood NE right now , where you at with it ?
Sounds good. How is it?
I never realized how much I loved weekends until summer ended...
I am a Guest Host on MNN's, "Sistah Talk!"
Helping out a bride and groom I will be DJ'ing for this summer. Do any of you know any great wedding photographers?
Happy Easter, from all your street team members. (:
Carol Whittington, San Jose, CA, Google Apps consultant/instructional designer, anything new in ID!
You can always count on one of the Daves to save you.
Jurors in Abdul-Jaleel trial back in court for clarification on 'attempted murder' charge. Deliberations continue
Deal! I've never been this ridiculous, but I'm voting like a mofo next week!
Thanks for sharing. Beautiful but sad and all to common story.
Slap happy o'clock.
well you have an excuse I'm just lazy hahah shame on me...
great class for media activists at Columbia College Chicago!
#HonestyNight i love sex, but w/ one person
From there the adventures begin, she bring him around the ocean while he brings her on the island
#BestThingAboutBeingSingle you don't have to worry about a broken heart <3
Aw, i wish i cared more about some things ........... SIKE !
Hi! Thanks for following us. Looking forward to being of service!...~Linda :o)
No, he feeds off hate and ignorance.
omg. I got them flip phones
thought architecture was a banned word
Why don't they ask the others if they'll run 3rd party? They're the ones pretending to be "conservative" & for "limited govt", not Ron Paul
At my first #dlfforum since 2009 in Raleigh. So nice to see everyone!
THE GREATEST TRICK SARAH PHILLIPS EVER PULLED...WAS CONVINCING THE WORLD SHE DIDN'T EXIST. And like that...POOF.
If only we could all live happily <U+E422>
Bill Gates: "it's crazy how little we're funding energy innovation"
slow down. There's an "infinity" joke here somewhere ;)
They'd have to supply Doritos at the aid stations a few miles down the road then.
#Leverage is back in town, can tell by the big white trucks and heavy cable wires running the sidewalks. Start watching channel 11 cable.
Do you have a Tumblr Metrosource Magazine?
Gaaaah! Is it on YouTube? I haven't watched it this year either and I only have a little time before I go bye bye!
10:10 - The most common time on an analog watch in advertisements, cuz it looks like a smile
jacob has the worst ideas
Fell asleep had a dream of u, woke up dream come true..
I scanned and OCR'ed all of mine. Got access to one of those awesome scanners?
"Your mercy, O LORD, is in the heavens; and your faithfulness reaches to the clouds."~Psalm 36:5
Up in the gym Listen to What Up
So glad i have no drama
i love it ": That bitch avi is GROSS"
Dinner @ work, hope this night fly's by!
Babysitting. I swear there is nothing to do!
No one ever seems to bring up the obvious post-divorce-from-Ben devastation and loneliness subtext of that Siri commercial.
I gotta look at a car waiting on when he calls
So far at #occupytimessquare, cops and protesters are behaving, each on their respective side of the barricades.
A shame that the greats like Reggie White and Junior Seau never had the chance to see their day in Canton.
The news I just got rite now :(
So mad! Dont direct us to a door that your not gonna open !!!
About to register for my first barcode!
I do, I play her fairly simple though, if you're trying to get combos out of me I wouldn't recommend it. :)
heading to BBC tonight myself. When you gonna be there?
I was thinking of toasting seeds and nuts separately, and letting folks garnish...many guests have food issues.
Bill? Honeys, I'm not on first-name basis with bands. Who is Bill from?
Tonight the headphones will deliver you the words that I can't say.
Well, that was rather short-lived. Makes one wonder: What the hell is going on there?
Playin on the Canyon...can I fly?
Thanks Chris! It is always wonderful working with you. You are a class act. Please let me know when our promo goes live.
Too funny! RT : In the spirit of caveman I am eating my lunch with my hands. That, and I forgot to bring a fork
: lmao this is hilarious. . . But dnt judge us
Relaxing this morning with my family. God has been good to me!
just got back from having absolutely no internet or phone service for ten days. i dont know how im still living O.o lol -tia
1983 Flashback: The King Holiday was signed into law today. House passed the bill 338-90 on August 2. Senate passed October 19: 78-22.
Cutie ;D
He's still in charge, that's why he's the only one commenting
Poor Gabe!!! RT : She said: "I don't even like sex, it feels like getting tackled by a skeleton."
spend time wid ur family cuz it's jazzy's birthday,don't spend it wid ur gf!!!family time is just for family not wid ur gf...
Just got to work and the woman I work for is helping her teenage daughter bake a penis cake. Trying to sneak myself onto the family tree.
Yes! He blocked me so he won't see my tweet but sure! lol
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing. ~ Helen Keller
Yea! RSS for everyone!
So how much do you love me!? I have so much make up work and if you would let me copy all the bio I missed you'd be a hero!<U+2764>
“: FOOLLOW ME PLIZ” I'm following you now, pretty!
yes I'm at the shore! Beach bound too!! Have a great day Tina !
Mandatory Homosexual Rant: Lady Gaga is not my queen...Cher is, duh!
happy birthday Kasee!!!!
if I see one more fucking shoe on my newsfeed -__-
It's Friday! #FF You know we love you.
Ortiz need to knockdown Mayweather can't win by decision. Too much dough at stake between Mayweather and Pacquiao.
being socially awkward is a choice. We were all teenagers once. I grew out of it.
OMG! Are there no new ideas in hollywood? They jist have to keep "remaking" everything. Im going to look up this epic fail!
Chima is not a poor's man Fogo De Chao
...sorry, DM fail.
Intense game tonight!! Lets destroy the Coyotes and make them shiver in their boots...or skates, shall I say.
Gurls always ask me why i dont eat pussy. Well , the answers simple. You are wat you eat. :P
Cloud Office and Collaboration Productivity Applications Market Shares, Strategies, and Forecasts, Worldwide, 2012 to ...
Valentino's new fragrance, Valentina, is first perfume to incorporate white truffles...I think I've found my new scent.
ack. I see you from afar and you rockin' the cap.
I hate when my family asks about school or grades or something. Like if your not my parents then don't worry about it.
I saw a slide once that showed the current universe of web mapping software. Could use that today. Can anyone point toward one like it?
what inspires you to act? post here-
so, I want to meet you and I don't know how to make it happen.
getting ready to re-enter the work world a day early.
Two beers and wasted at Lillie's! :)
I would be lying if I said you didn't cross my my mind every night b4 sleep, my my fantasy is the only way I can have you.
Tonight is the invited dress for the workshops! I'm so ready to show off 7 weeks of work with all my cast and staff. #UTworkshops in Logan!
De La Soul's "Stakes is High" is probably one of my top 10 favorite Hip-Hop songs of all-time. non-negotiable.
Hey, we can all call ourselves awesome online! No one’s checking.
: and unfortunately too many of the students professors as well
surprisingly yummy & easy side dish: cook brown rice w/ bag of frozen stir fry veggies with 1/2 T coconut oil & sprinkle with sesame seeds!
Water Front Park Was Funn . So Many Cute Guys o_o (; Not Even Kidding Lol Damn Tomorrows Monday -,-
Casting NEW reality show! Have a friend in a destructive relationship? Email your story to
Bike riding to work again. So invigorating!
yeah. Everyone needs to use faces! ;p lmao
im good x wbu
Does anyone know of a good site or page online that shows blended learning in action? Needed soon. Thanks!
1st nite of the music biz class @ New School, NYC. Charli Persip sat in for awhile. Love his comment "I'd jump off a building for her love."
I know! :) Whenever you get off and are free, definitely hit me up!
thank you thank you!!
how do u get meet and greets with vinny ?
Is that sarcasm I detect?
Since when did having Skittles and an Arizona iced tea make people suspicious
Hell yeah
Happy Graduation !! Enjoy every moment bc it goes by quick! You did it! CONGRATS!
Sweet, looks awesome Kevin! Think there's place for a icon on or on your personal site? :)
Look alive!!
Love it!
No fixed monthly account feeAnd ways to save every day
#ScaryMovieRulesToLiveBy , Dont jump on someones lap and frighten them lmao and dont hit them haha. Yes iv done that .
Football fans can have the remote the rest of the day...but it's DOGS UNTIL 2 ON THANKSGIVING DAY! Spread the word!
God please help me in times of pain. Please help me find the way, and to always lift myself up after I've fallen.
Ready to start a new week
Take deep breath, girl...it'll be alright!
Congrats!! Looks so good! Your posts always make me laugh... that & fear the day I have teens. But love it just the same.
Hey! Does your diet have directions I can peruse? :)
Thank for subscribing to my YouTube channel! :)
Hi. I don't know John.
All that matters is the mission - President Obama
Happy Birthday !!!!!:) hope you have a great birthday!!!!!
and Thomas is just a model train set with different faces and eyes that move. Yet it's like a toddler cult!
A woman asks if this is the train to Sea World. There is no train directly to Sea World, I say, & her child cries.
I want to rollerskate down that hill next to grammies house on the Cape. Teach it a good lesson.
Bring the skins
Waiting to board Honor Flight with 100 WWII vets. "Boy, there are a lot of old guys here," one of them says.
#MaxiTeal by is a FAB color and now making it's way into my latest #PIXEL-Micro!
BidFathers hours of operation have changed to 4PM-12AM Monday thru Friday! Make sure you stop by and check out our new items up for bid!
Maybe it's a condition of getting older: we forget about the bears' defenseless inner ears.
#DrakeSongsILove none he sucks
- Trust the Obamas will kick in enough to cover the costs!
Might be time to rethink some life decisions: the last 2 guys I've dated are in my phone as squints &square pants
New to Twitter, but would definitely like to connect with my Facebook friends and keep them in formed with it... "come.. follow me"
will be doing a cameo in Damian Chapa's upcoming feature film "NIGHT BIRD". Stay tuned for more info on that one!
Need video of arrest incident yesterday around 44th & Lex - many journos there documenting brutality, please DM any info
where is my little Quinta. We missed you last night.
I felt raindrops today for the first time in months
oh yeah, I take the "smile and nod" approach...it's worked so far :)
Your website just scared my students! NSFW! LOL!! I shouldn't have clicked on it. But hilarious! Love it!
Don't worry, I won't!
can't wait! RT : 31 days until the outdoor market opens! Start of a new season and a new market! We are very excited....
You sound like a BEAST on the new record, man! Kicking myself all my metalbuds are seeing you guys in NYC tonight...
A pregnant woman: "I can't come to work the rest of the day. I have morning sickness. Maybe it will last the rest of the week!!"
I'm just saying in general. It's annoying seeing people bitch about it when it could be so much worse
hahaha i wana see u do that
#nowreading A Walk to Remember :)
Breaking up is hard to do.
It's only Tuesday and all I want to do is stay home and read
lol yea I realized when he followed you :) I thought I might get him while I could. And you might wanna check of Zach (c)
Always. Always is an appropriate time to drink chocolate milk.
So busy playing this last month! So much fun! Time to balance life with work again? Maybe! But would rather continue to purge my house!
jealous ! haha i still have to see luke bryan sing haha i keep getting caught up with
me and will be there soon!
neither does mouthwash. (;
Happy Birthday Brian![: Have a good day<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Pretending I'm in Paris is working out great-- I took an ordinary Sun afternoon & added wine, butter, and kitten heels.
you wish you were baller.
Number two SEO mistake NO effort on off page optimization... Just two biggies.
While I'm happy that Donald is in the final, it stinks that Maria is not in the final. #DWTS I'm surprised.
Is it baseball season yet? Can't wait for the to start
honor society :)
Question of day? NBA champ will be __________!
How was your camshows and your day, Anita?
The weather could not have been more perfect this weekend. Did you have a good trip? :)
It looked like coach Grantham was channeling his inner Erik Russell with the bloody lip.
man this rain shit aint going to work
I have quite a graveyard of bananas in my freezer. All the better to make (lots) of banana bread with.
#1DayIWantTo prove everyone wrong who doubt me.
Happy Friday Beautiful People! SAG-AFTRA merger Approved! #CarpeDiem - XavierLT. com
Town hall meeting, happening right now! Come join!
man if followed me id fuck a unicorn^u^
Your toe must be in the water to play the game when trading a short line.
72 degrees outside today. woo!
excellent choice...any others....
Acronyms? Missed something. :/
Jamie u be blowin me shutup sometimes
I hate it that it happened to her. She found GUM on that seat in Speed and charmed a nation.
In Tuscon you can't wear pants? Isn't that law unconstitutional?
we have been feeling dejected since you left
I thought "the Fix was in" b/c Harvard is Obama's Alma Mater..had them going all the way..Oh well
I haven't been fortunate enough to see mango sushi played well yet. I hope the day will come
do good!
About to crash. Got started on a new track. I'm really trying to steer away from that same old dubstep sound.
Doesn't mean it didn't happen. I hear people can delete tweets that embarrass them.
I like that the only question they ask Billy Dee Williams is how he feels being the "token black?"
Probably not a good sign when you have a blister before you've even left the house!
“: I dont like to get political but Mitt Romney is a embarrassment to our country.” And to all those guys named Mitt.
I work for a Beer Company. Why should I have to provide you with; Aprons, Coasters, T-Shirts, Bottle Openers, Glasses, Neons and/or Coolers?
great to meet you too! Looking forward to talking soon.
great weekend at Evo and Vanity Friday....Back to reality people lets work hard so we do it all again this weekend with a clear conscience
So sore. That concert was amazing. Almost beat the shit outta some bitch who got in my face during yep. good fucking times
That's a question for your local politician
what time is it over there
I'm glad you understand my predicament. ;)
yeah me too. Chad Kincaid.
You do not travel if you are afraid of the unknown you travel for the unknown.
RT : Imagine if you and I could fly past the sun, and leave all our doubts and fears behind us.
Come watch some afternoon baseball or a little #USOpen action with us while enjoying some ice cold adult beverages.
I think I'm going to start a public service campaign, 'Are you using your Inside Voice?' Too many loudmouths!
my hair needs to be a lot longer, and it has to be when im ready to lose all of my hair cause I'll have to shave them off. :P
: Hi Angie, would you be willing to follow Fliqz so we might converse via DM? Would like to talk to you about Wikia...
#Casting... Swamp Wars - Animal Planet Series. 15 yr. old male. Tuesday. Miami. $100. E-mail headshot & resume to
Tarzan it is baby! Don't lie to yourself. You know you adore the loincloth. Hahaha ~ P.S. I MISS YOU MORE!
just got here and I already wanna go home
We're approaching the $120,000 mark for funds raised for local charitites!
My mom said that everyone in the family might be the ones on meds but I'm really the odd one ! Lmfao (:
Text ECON6 to 86677 to vote for us in #SCAA people's choice
I have no idea why ducks fans were voted the most annoying in the pac-10
. rocked the so hard they blew out the speakers.
Aw yeah!!
ha u wild...preciate da love...but umm u interested in modelin hit me up wit a message we can talk biz
i used to be huge manson fan -- mechicanical animals, antichrist superstar, but it went downhill from holywood.
Always funny to see a highly touted Norte Dame team having a tough go of it against an unheralded underdog. Their coach had to get cute.
Teaching a google docs class at the library tonight...first class I've taught in over a year! Hope I'm not too rusty.
I leave for Florida in the morning.. Sigh.
I wanna play some freaken country dance wtf
I guess I shall join the street team and make an appearance at the civic center for boxing event.
Cut off my legs now. They are dead.
Gov. Scott Walker wants 2 more weeks to review recall petition signatures, Democrats object. Friday court hearing scheduled.
OMG Carl Eisenberg is chuckling away next to me!
Are you excited for Miami ? (:
Most embarrassing moment of my life
I see the Packers STILL haven't fixed special teams...
We will take double chocolate cayenne and oatmeal cherry, my mouth is already watering!
thanks so much!!! :)
Microsoft ’s partnership strategy: we ’ll take what we can get
what ya was doing up there
looks amazing!
followed you!(:
we'll only marry you if we can turn it into a big polygamous fest between the 5 of us and
LeBron...bro...put that headband back on
u won't have to save me one when I'll be there eating them!!!
Guess what I'm doing?! VOTING! OR state primary ballots due by May 15, 8pm. You can totes do it.
#InstantTurnOn Wet hair
Congratulations to you both! I know you're both glowing with pride. The sky's the limit :)
seriously. I love when that happens. I remember seeing Nevermore at a VFW hall in the 90s!
LOVE the pic of you an kroy
Retweet if you want to #Bring1DToSeattle!!!
They are opening an additional location in Carmel
Support the Poetry Center - Billy Collins & Friends, a benefit at Centennial Hall, November 7 at 3 p.m. Buy your tickets at uapresents.org!
Not judging but I've seen too many ppl make poor priority choices lately. It's starting to irk my nerves & effect me in a bad way
CONGRADULATIONS ON 1 MILLION VIEWS!(: SO PROUD OF YOU. ILOVEYOU<21 AND I WILL NEVER STOP BELIEVING IN YOU!!!(: <21
I just want a best friend. I want to be at each others houses everyday. I want to talk through facial expressions. I want someone):
Oh, see if Newt Gingrich were President, not only could children be janitors, but musicians as well!
All this negative talk about soy...what about whole food forms of soy, like edamame, or fermented like tempeh?
I swear i HATE when ppl make up excuses !!
The University of California, Santa Barbara&#39;s independent, student-run newspaper.
Does that apply to dudes? Cuz I like pussy.
The Prominent Silver Jewelry | Home And Family Style
Your date can read beneath your act subconsciously, so be authentic.
My #fusionist view's moved from "#Neo and #paleo folk should be friends" to the subtly different "Neo and paleo folk deserve each other."
lol we did that and scared everyone in dere and i laughed 7 a old lady looked at me like wtf juvenile delinquent!!
The only attractive part about me is my sense of humor.
tube tube tube
breaking news dies in 15 minutes
Follow me on instagram: Branc0 <U+2764>xo
ething great it freaking suckss, like why do guys wait until you have something good...and then the love of your life come back and tries to
Easily the best feed on twiter. RT Just got hit by a car. Do you think he likes me?
if youre in san Diego take a minute and check out the sunset right now. beautiful
Lol I 1 seat away from :p
RT The LORD is my light and my salvation;Whom shall I fear? Ps 27:1
#1thingilove - spooning. And my pillows suck at it.
how much hotter could it get here in texas?
Lol feel free to talk smack & don't hold back. That's what I do :)
Amy Winehouse RIP
Dear Hour, I miss you.
Beltway Insiders Buzz in on Jeopardy - U.S. News &amp; World Report (blog)
I am dying of pollen. So the trees get their revenge after all.
design and implement a 10-month survey of archival collections in the state of mato grosso, brazil.
Thank you for following ;)
You just started following me? Wow...I am so honored...
Y.O.L.O you only live once.
Well, clarinets and flutes...but I hate flutes...so annoying lol
I want someone to look at me the way Freddie looks at Effy...
On my way!
Oh, it's not you. But I've got piles of notes for you. I need to write the overview. It's going to be a terrific book.
sweet =) I'm always looking for new music. I'll check them out! it sucks that you had to miss their show though =(
I am feeling generous though, so I will give $1k to each new follower from now until the time I win
thanks...will be seeing you this week!
got u
We're currently working on our own Youtube channel! We will showcasing our LAN Center and various events at the store! Stay tuned!
Whoops. Don Nelson DESERVES it.
Habitat 4 Haiti campaign never stopped. We are just getting started!!!! Look out Haiti is here to help.
took that for a couple weeks and decided insomnia was better lol
im not asking for his tumblr because i respect you not giving it out, but how did your friend find it!?
hello everyone, i am very bored :)
A Sugarland concert commercial just aired. Will they cancel the rest of their tour after tonight? hm ...
me to!!!! I'm dying!! A few more hours
One lonely beastie i be.
One undergrad was so happy she didn't have to 'surf the web all day' to get the information she needed. It was all in a single reference!
What is everyone doing to be active today before the weekend? We will R/T the best responses.
postcards for 'Illuminate' are getting done today....you'll see them floating round town next week!
hey , hold three books for me, , and , eh?
sure sign that you're a tourist
This Saturday, Dragonfly Nightclub, Harrisburg - PA!!!
It's a beautiful day here. Makes it seem so peaceful. Hope everyone has a safe and enjoyable holiday weekend.
While this is especially true with haircuts, also relevant to training! (2)
Talk to me like I'm stupid: Are there instructions for how to do basic "sandbox for personal use" installs of stuff like Omeka, Dspace, AT?
I think I'm gonna go look that up! Never heard it.
Not a funny joke.
Depends on the mess! The polite thing would actually be for them to offer to clean!
how much?
oh to the yum! #bacon wrapped meatloaf :D
All the time he's boxing, he's thinking. All the time he was thinking, I was hitting him. Jack Dempsey
You have to become involved to make an impact. No one is impressed with the won/loss record of the referee. ~~ John Holcomb
who u b?
#nce11 Conn. Supt: November presentation reframed my thinking on how we use tech. We need to change conversation
a tip of my hat to my first follower -thank you kind maiden
Mayor Gimenez said he's not upset over union appealing ex-fire captain's demotion for Facebook comments. "That's their job"
Milwaukee's Hardest Trivia hits at 8. Plenty of specials to soothe the pain.
S/o to my nigga !
Go For It! Great to see you're still going strong.
Finalizing my updated resume... ugh! But almost done... yay!
wow, that was it, huh? lol. i think their box office return was from one person--glad I know who it is now!
Encountering a lot of connection problems with lately?? What's up ?? Keeps telling me to standby....20 minutes??
Obviously you can change the location but when it's set to Pittsburgh #pennhillslies is trending
Yeah...I watched it. I watch most of the games on DVR now, so I have to avoid Twitter while they're happening.
Some nights I wish I had someone I can hold on to
The other side
i do not enjoy random people that i don't give two fucks about texting me out of the blue. Boy you are one creepy son of a bitch
wats up Sis I ain't seen ya n a min I need to get up with to brothers but I was doing nuh just shopping a lil lol
Zeus will be picking me up for lunch today. He is looking forward to meeting you
LOL! Put that woman to work! ;-)
yes we can make a rug with your face on it. Its possible
Pearl officer injured in shooting dies
I cant believe i am saying this but i cant wait to go to school tomorrow:)
still supporting these guys, eh, NHL?
OUR Budget Initiatives:1.Restore all cuts to EI Services and Rates 2. Compensation for 18 years non-payment of COLA's 3.Budget Transparency
Today I will watch as much as my heart desires
great god, finally getting on the schedule to see -- apparently all my friendlies have gotten busy!
YES FEEL FREE TO RETWEET DENVER GOLF EXPO .... ITS ALL THAT!!
Today in coconut water news: is a convert -- she's nuts for the drink. Are you next, ?
Really? You sure about that? Saving Face wins Best Documentary Feature!
Maccabi Tel Aviv loses tough game to Panathinaikos in the
shut the hell up - everybody hates you. stop posting about 1d on fb. lawlz you think you're so cool. go sit in a dark closet or something.
Great win for Beitar last night, a little wiggle room from the bottom now, but not much
Hey it's BK, Do you have a favorite Classic Rock cover song at the moment?
Jealous! Ya'll are gonna have a blast! RT miami tickets booked.
Tim, I know. they wind up at the bottom of my purse with receipts. Or in my wallet. In both cases, I toss 'em.
We love VW "you're back" ad - then again we are suckers for most dogs in ads. The story within a story a nice unexpected touch!
I didn't finish my dinner so i guess I'm not getting any pudding...heck no...I was just saving room for the pudding!
Double Technical Fouls. Wow
Just heard about Junior Seau! How awful and terribly sad. :(
Help save the yarn bombs in Clairemont! Email me at w/ your letters of support for the Knitting Guy. Please RT
just dedicated "The Bloodiest Gum" to all the #TinyGiants in the room!
Let us know if you're interested in trying one out ;)
Interested in the link you mention about more parent reading but it doesn't take me anywhere. Can you send again?
To my #lovelyfriends: I miss the touch that comforts me in times of despair. I miss every part of a second I spent with you.
Good luck my sista....FINISH THE JOB!!! We are cheering for you in Dallas!
Go on google and type in askew and if the screen tilts...Reetweet !
Jersey shore, VMA's, Kardashians, on the couch, don't bug me.
Just saw your comments about Snooki, hilarious! And your Grandma sounds like someone I'd hang out with, lol.
Man that nigga is broke
I love you :D<3333333
yea I really don't want you in Chicago actually
for the most generic politician speak in the history of ever, you must follow
we are excited for the Houzz tour photoshoot on Friday too!!!!
Looks like Scottys tonight for the game....
You're welcome. Thanks for noticing!
we are royalty over dominion/ of the inhibited self
Anytime Dave, I'd bet she'd like your style. While I'm at it, meet , whose moxie is totes "post-bin Laden".
I know u haven't seen u an I been ok just been doing a show in west hollywood every week an other then that nothing really
Agreed. I hope Tebow personally gives you a high five for all the fighting you do for him.
I used to be a librarian...
Muscles recover and rebuild gradually. Drink lots of water.
&#9819; Protect your home
Say ye, say ye don't we do this every day-day? (Huh!) I work them long nights, long nights to get a pay-day (Huh!)
aw thank you!
another thing in common = loyola.
i'm more tired today than i was yesterday. how is this possible?! it might be a double dose of coffee kind of morning.
Thank you for the follow! May I send you a play? Best, Matthew Ethan Davis, published at Indie Theater Now.
It's Time To Shine Patriots!!! One More Win!!!! GO PATRIOTS!!!!!!!!!
Come visit us in booth S11927!
Just finished a pre-pro session with the Director of Over-Awesome. Songs are sounding awesome!
Got $50 from my grandparents for my birthday. Should I spend it on Mayhem Fest, or Warped Tour tix or a new Hookah?
just one reply on my side lol
There's stories to tell , we've been through it all.
I guess there will be no Mobb Deep prostate cancer PSA like i imagined "there's a war goin' on outside no man is safe from"
yeaa , but chris coghlan is just straight up beautifull !
I like it a lot too, it was one of Ma's favorites growing up, must have rubbed off on us.
I heard Jurrasic park... I mean Terra Nova is being axed... how about a show about
#IRememberwhen I was in elementary school my teacher would give the class PizzaHut slips to get free pizza <U+263A>
K, let's assume for a sec tht "human" & "tech " are social constructs & it's somewhat arbitrary how we define them
if double-standards are fun, I am having the time of my life.
9 more days, '11 Field of Dreams! This year's presenting sponsors : , , & Thx!
yes! my sister's going to do it for me on the 19th
Morning Rockstars! > We are all motivated by a keen desire for praise, and the better a man is, the more he is inspired to glory. - Cicero
thank you!
you are an inspiration to #10millionbeliebers and we all love you and support you! CONGRATS!! You deserve it! :)
Not many trick-or-treaters tonight. It's so quiet it's a good night for a scary movie!
I know Barney was usually unemployed but wouldn't it be easier and cheaper if he bought his own box of cereal instead of stealing Fred's?
Dan: "The Dr. says my blood pressure is fantistic for a man my age" www. www.quickgymcs.colm
I HATE odd Thursday's. Eugh
Very pleased with myself for doing a 5 min plank in #Pilates class last night -personal best!
Is waiting for dinner guests at LOU on Vine
RT : Running and yoga is the fitness plan today
im done at six im not going through anymore files
mine too. I blame it on trees trying to procreate.
good news ladies- its the year of the rabbit! Ohh sorry I mean its the year of the back massager.
When guys sing to their girlfriends!
#Texans going as Jekyll & Hyde for Halloween.
#Kentucky has only won 1 football national championship. In 1950 they went 10-1 and shared the title with Oklahoma, Princeton, and Tennessee
So youre mad at me because I said no when you asked me if you could bring your best friend to my birthday party? Lmfao OKAY
At 7am on Sep. 14, 1814 Adm. Cochrane ordered his British flotilla back down the Patapsco River ending the attack on Ft McHenry.
Nature provides exceptions to every rule.
idk dude call hr n be like look im just checking on progress to see if youve made a decision yet
Saving calories for taco night with and the girls.
Yes, the kid is amazing. There are so many more amaxing children undiscovered.
name names!
Dear intelligent -cough- person who decides to ride bike at night in a 2 lane ave.. you're asking for trouble, or you just hate your life.
Back on the grind.
I climbed the pole for the first time ever! So very sore!!!
YAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAY! IM SO EXCITED!!!
I still get butterflies even though I've seen you a hundred times.
um yeah they do those swell your feet just as bad lol look at u trying to find loop holes
Long day of WCing. Time to hit the gym!
I text you. You don't text back. I feel stupid. Therefore, I won't be texting you again.
Here to help.
#IWillAlwaysLove you the most, but don't tell my other followers, ok?
Yay! I got a special project for the making of the yearbook! :D
Thanks for the shout, , for guest blogging!
RT Now that's a real Artist! Real music!!! People don't appreciate real talent!!!
Probably somewhere on West End Ave. Several places to stay there.
"But I love making believe!"
bad mental picture!
Sox sucked too..uggh.just finished US vs Finland earlier. Wow! Shutout.
Watchin The Avengers online
Today is going to be a good day..
no problem!
ha! That's why it's awesome
Recovering from the race and taking some time off from running. Perfect time for yoga :)
It's times like this when you learn who your friends are..
what about Tryst in Adams Morgan? Great place to snuggle with a hot chocolate!
thanks drew!(:
#TheresNoExcuseFor not following us
Awesome as is one of our co-founders. We are working with some of your athletes and would love to chat.
you better be at the new Albany classic!it won't be the same without your awesomeness your the only reason I'm going:)<3
Avoid overloading yourself with packages. It is important to have clear visibility and freedom of motion to avoid mishaps.
Loving the Tempted sing along...the #squeeze concert is fantastic and they sound amazing!
Don't forget to get a $20 gift card to KISS coffee for $10 at livingsocial.com! Plus, get 25% off all art and gifts.
Yay! Are you going to visit Lambeau? How long are you staying? I'm sure your sister is excited!
At a prospect presenting a final budget to launch a boat club.
Enjoying the weekend...
you need to be a player in an active game to post scores (jmaqr)
I Miss You- Go Radio
The depressing thing about tennis is that you'll never be as good as a wall.
forgot my lunch and debit card today. but at least my work has free cake for my cakes day
Taking a walk with Olivia, my little sister(:
A2 A good spaceship needs a lot of ducts. You can't have science fiction with out ducts, service passageways and corridors.
home with cats and Cap. just set a fire in fireplace. we still have power thnk the L. Shd be fun on Monday
Craft show today 2801 Lomas Blvd NE 9AM to 4PM. Left boyfriend to run Soap Shop...........WHAT HAVE I DONE!! HA HA! He better be good!
What's your favorite childhood memory?(:
haha yea. bout time.
Is your online reputation more or less important than your actual fleshy one?
Getting ready to party at the dragons layer nightclub I will be there spinning all the latest hits. So come party
no clue what that means….
I have a serious addiction to painting my nails.
Blown...ill prolly just go MIA today
Haters throw salt like rice at a wedding
Please send me a DM so we can discuss this. Thanks!
Brewers are one of the early games on Sat..... (Please be 11 EST)
Wtf are these test so hard
Everyone can understand this. I have more battles with myself, than I battle with the rest of the world.
You should keep your promises no matter what!
This story is completely misleading. Are you familiar with the family farm exemption? Feds can't change law
So, happy Thursday everyone! Hope everyone is crushing their workouts today!
I ain't gone lie to ya sleeze ball
I love all these sites that have basically just copied Pinterest and are getting funded. Trippy, Fancy, Gentlemint, etc. Investors WTF?
Follow for comments on 2nd / 3rd Rnd of the NFL Draft
I never forget, the portraits look amazing. In the press release I talk about the lighting and flashlight. It's hot
The only thing that makes getting up at 5am bearable is that I am done at noon.
didn't we almost have it all…. when love was all we had worth giving.. my friend! lalallaa! ;)
no topshop isnt that expensive :)x
Success doesn't sleep.
“: sweet. that would be fun! i saw you earlier today gave you a horn toot.” I saw you!!
Bilas 4 president RT: As expected, Bilas tops President Obama in the Bracket Challenge. Commander-of-Swag beats Commander-in-Chief.
"If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading." Lao Tzu
": Newarkpulse is too! RT : Live Tweeting from Newark City Council" Thank u both 4 keeping Newarkers informed
I was watching that too! I don't know how some of those girls get pregnant..
What's the good news?
RIP Gary Coleman and Dennis Hopper.
nice meeting you!
You bet, lady. I need to get involved and contribute! My uncle is the Sr. Interface designer on #D3, I can interview him!
Dog fencing can be an attractive and functional option whether you are keeping your don in or out..
all the best my friend
Cullen whether you come back or not, thank you for everything you did, and you will be missed if you do leave. any news yet?
someone tweet me , i wanna make new friends <3
Tag this tag #Sunday and
follow back??
Sorry about that and I apologize for any inconvenience.
Mason folks: myMason portal (this includes Courses) is down. Blackboard Managed Hosting has been contacted. More info asa we have it.
why such a reaction to 'performativity'?
and it's not missing you.
Yes ma'amu kno how I do lol RT : lol I figured it was just a joke
lol of course.
Insist on yourself. Never imitate. Ralph Waldo Emerson
Do you guys have a favorite song?
I love haters!
I can't make u love me if u don't. I can't make your heart feel something that it won't.
hah. Did that message you? I was just being an ass.
Please let my card points be reset so I can actually play!!!
#takipedenitakipedsdfksdgs what the hell is this? Asksjfdhjerjkfs??
Spot on.
Indeed. And you were a preds fan, so you're a total traitor
do you support relay for life? Cancer support...
you piss me off
...can we hang out Thursday night? And Friday night? And all day Saturday?
The Kinks. Period.
What NBA team plays home games in an arena located at Two Pennsylvania Plaza ?
Any news on the intern situation?
I woke up with sex hair, but didn't have sex.
LOL for the groundlings, go tomorrow, sat, and or wed?? not sure if i can make it tonight
Fake Baby, just shut up!
goes to HAM
I liked most of them and in the end I liked all of them. -daily rumpus
what subject are you best at?
Tired of the single life need a gf
can't argue with that.
I could really go for a massage right now. My back on 10 from last week's workout..
Hurray! Is it tomorrow?
Thanks for the follow! I was "Like" number 104! -JO
Thanks for the trivia ; Roses are the most requested flower tattoo.
Ahh well if I don't like it I'm going that colour :L <3 <3
srsly. the ladies of permanent wave felt the same way and have spoken to the editors; are getting it republished.
A lot of graduation Parties coming up ..
Be regular and orderly in your life, that you may be violent and original in your work. -- Flaubert
People throw rocks at things that shine :)
I don't think lil wayne likes ceilings.
Ima staart charging folks who come to 239 to eat!....
Everyone make the world strong and beautiful. :)
Idk nerd I was just laughing
It was not stowed. (I will now wait for you to unfollow me, as is appropriate punishment) cc:
Funny how honey ain't sweet like sugar Oh tounge kiss her on the tounge skeet skeet skeet watergun OMG becki look at her butt tunchi -Motto
It's official...I'm now a licensed driver in California! That test was really hard!
OMG baby birds this stalker chic Mary Prantil does have criminal records!!! WOW tweeps!!!
Congrat! To my son Marco Brent graduation from Memphis Melrose High School. Home of the Golden Wildcats!!
well, if i could take the sickness from you, i would.
I really don't like you. RT The phrase "opposites attract" does not apply here RT WHY AM I A WEIRDO MAGNET?!
RT : “Love is giving and faith is receiving. Without both, the flow of the universe is broken and we are less than complete!”
Been thinking that for the last hour. Saturday's really have becoming depressing now.
Finals begin Monday. Hope the men are taking advantage of reading days...
Pretty good Joy. Happy Thanksgiving to you friend!
where is my motivation? Did it take a vacation?
Heey Everybody, guess what? It's Alona's b-day! Go over and wish her a Big Happy Awesome Birthday and give her some love. :)
thanx for the mention prince:)
This whole shaving twice a week thing is getting old.
It would've been good to tell me Ms X had maternity leave, before I moved all those accounts to her.
sluts you know what I mean! -_-
If I was your girlfriend, I'd never let you go. Keep you on my arm girl.<3
I love quinns! ended up at cactus this time though.
Yes. read all 3.
Better start learning German
Congrats to NY Giants however will someone these guys to get over themselves....winning the NFL #SBXLVI does not make you a World Champion!!
I was like bow I was like bow while I'm smoken on dat loud got mi head in the clouds I was like damn lil mama thick wit it
Last 4 songs were by Nina Simone, Kate Bush, Deep Purple and Gang Gang Dance, then more Nina "My Baby Just Cares for Me" x o x o
#wordoftheday Add the right amount of hot sauce to a batch of crawfish etouffe to make it delightfully piquant. - Thanks Bob!
CP3 WITH THE JUMPER
dude. Me neither. The whole album, actually.
:P that sucks. I'm in french4 now and it's hard:/ I'm thinking of dropping it for some robotic courses
Thank you for your Match Day donation, Ali!
Does anyone have a cheap but reputable place that does VO demos? The place I used to recommend closed!
Because if they were, we wouldn't be special anymore! :) Thanks for enjoying our sense of humor. Happy travels!
#WeWontWork if you're clingy! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
"You look like Steven Tyler!... fucked Mick Jagger!" Not a fan of this Juliet Simms girl & my boyfriend isn't either, obviously. Lolol.
You got me laughing RT : I do NOT want all the excuses to start with the "If so and so played we woulda won". Please don't do it.
I got hit on by two men and one lady.
Under the mistletoe :)
Climbed up the Great Wall of China!! Weather was perfect and enjoyed it
omg i need part 28 !!
Happy Birthday! Looking forward to a well-written birthday blog. No pressure ; )
Only six more days until the SCT Movement Workshop!
And the young stay young....
yeaaahh!! It did ):
I'm about to turn these girls into superstars...watch me work ;)
Thx for the follows: Looking forward to your posts. Cheers!
U may be in a lame relationship if ya find urself listening to ur gf breathe on the phone. Or narrating the movie ur watching.. at 1:30 am
There's more lawsuit talking coming from Reno City Hall. City Council saying Washoe withholding require payment to flood authority.
no biggie. You probably know us from "VerseCity - Tik Tok Rok" look it up if you got a sec. <U+270C>
whats up sis did u come up with anything to thatvtrack?
I'm so bummed out :(
Awesome to see Shabazz Muhammad choose UCLA. Now let's see Nerlens Noel choose Syracuse!!
Today in 1996, Underworld hits #2 in the UK with "Born Slippy" from the 'Trainspotting' soundtrack.
we like it too !
The last minute is 59 more seconds than I need.
Waking up from dreamig maxwell. ...oh my........he is the best....dc loves u....maxwell rocked a sold out verizon center dc....
Never seen so many iPads in my life
OMG HE NEEDA HURRY UP AND COMEE ON..!!!!!!!
That's gory
Now I have to listen to dad's mouth the whole way to school...
coldstone guys casually flirting.
Saturday breakfast special - strawberry and mango crepes!
Thanks man! Those are some crazy looking guitars. The Minarik folks always treat me very well.
": I'm a fan of saying YOU'RE WELCOME really loudly when people don't say thank you."
That is now 5 straight balls since Friedrich went into the stretch
well what do you think about the book?
do we really need another show with black people and wolves in it though?
I missed the client list.
Just heard an Aramark manager refer to students as "customers".
Other men said they have seen angels, But I have seen you, And you are enough <U+E04E>
o yes that was funny!
Never lose an opportunity of seeing anything beautiful, for beauty is God's handwriting. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
I think gaga killed me with that arrival
goo to bed
I got the same thing on my iPad
#moverslongisland available at your service tomorrow at 2pm. Get your quote now by emailing us at
luckky! could you tell him to follow me?(:
hey what's up? how u been?
Thanks for mention! Have a good day!
Hangin with Beast Boogie of Vicious Germz B-Boy crew.
what's been up
I want a beige inspector gadget jacket
Nazarbayev&#39;s free-trade goal offers Central Asia a future
thanks Natalie!
Going to Jersey today to do a commercial for a sushi restaurant. Yum...
effing cancer.
I'm cleaning my ears with a Q-tip and thinking of you
Me:*burps in Adam's face* Adam:"I never wanted a sister. You know that right?" Lolololol!!!!!
hope all is well, follow back, lets chat DM us
Plans and research are great, but sometimes you just need to jettison all that and get on with creating. Yes, I
The Baltimore Ravens are 2-0 in pre season, people are feeling pretty good about that in Charm City!!
Chicago Tonight. Expecting Thunderstorms. A few storms may be severe. Low 17C. Winds SSW at 10 to 15 mph.
Bickleys class today...
New major likes from the road: super-charged coffee, warm cookies at hotels, audiobooks, naps, mountains, Instagram, parking at venue.
Or else would've breaked lose >.<
Burn it to the ground
I'm on #Googleplus and #linkedin...let's connect!
Got a new #iphone 4S yesterday. Feels just like my 4 but with Siri...
well said mama“: we love your mom that's why! You can be frustrated at your mom and not call her a bitch!”
We had a great show this weekend! Thanks to all who came out. More exciting stuff happening soon.
good to see you tonight.
Really? Of course, I watch baseball! You do know who you're talking to, don't you?!? lol
Find me Tuesday 3/27 at The Armed Forces Foundation 8th Annual Congressional Gala-Washington DC
On the bus blowed and shit
That's the truth Preach!
Don't normally have many good things to say about Yankees, but Mariano Rivera is a class act. I hope to see him pitch again.
Amazing Evaluation of Natural Breast Enhancement Products? ???? Beliebers Are Unstoppable
what should i eat today .... hm =[
Are you getting out and shooting at night too?
When mental energy is allowed to follow the line of least resistance and to fall into easy channels, it is called weakness. - James Allen
Forgiveness is not an occasional act, it is a constant attitude. ~Martin Luther King Jr.
Scrabble.... I'm not doin too good.
Happy Easter! Wishing all who celebrate the chance to enjoy this day with friends and family.
WE HAVE PROBLEMS arghhhh omg yes
I can't talk my mom told me to go to sleep :(
Has signed on to do the artwork panals for the book. stay tuned for great things, more to follow soon
that's what up.. keep in contact bro.. still got u on that photoshoot homie
it is you cant do none bt post piccz boring :-)
which art history are you in...
A VERY special deal! Order a 4x4" mosaic for just $150, that INCLUDES shipping! Check out my website and send me an email for details!
Congrats Robin!
Interfaith Worker Justice's 15th birthday is today. Consider making a birthday gift by going to www.iwj.org
lol no they are annoying
Do people really need to shit and talk on the phone at the same time? -.-
The teacher is late again.. At least I have more time to study for this math test!
I hate insecure girlss .
Never have I fallen off a hammock so many times in one hour! Here's to bruises and summer memories! I love you <3
now watching Jay-Z being interviewed on "Real Time w Bill Maher"..fascinating..gotta live J
John hughes died today.
OM-double-G!!! That's rough!
:) hope u enjoy it! Looking forward to Sunday.
Why is the person that makes my heart break, the same one that makes it beat faster?
Who would of thought rubber duckies would be so difficult to find #fail of the day.
thanks for letting me know that.
I understand importance of census since im in TVadv but just thought it was a waste of paper send 2 say it will b coming.
We heard about the film site that you're launching. We're based in Houston too. We'd love to chat with you. DM us.
My dad broke my mom's nose while cheering at a Lobo game. It was their second date.
Ross Lynch in Austin&Ally.. that is one sexy ass boy!!! i love his voice<33 warms my heart<33
Heartbroken to hear about Whitney Houston ='(
Is startin a campaign to send all ugly and fat girls to Africa so they can catch a diease there and rid the world of there presence
Has social media influenced your buying process?
Lazy day with the kiddos. Dustys sick finnleys close to having it pretty sure roxy will have it tomorrow which leaves it with me all weekend
Great work out .
Sushi date with my best friend like old times!
This day - love it :)
I had my ultrasound because of the pain in my belly hope your ok
Now up RT “: Power user tips for Google Reader. #THATCamp #LAC #istheratechinthisclass”
fuck yea #xpartysuppliesx fucken rules, just listened to some original tracks, fell in love all over again
I've been feeling the same the past few days.... not suuupppppeeeerrr sick but still sick
Four months to go!!
RT TO SEE THE LATEST "BFDTV" EPS LOG ONTO YOUTUBE AND KEYWORD SEARCH "BLACKFRESHDON" HOST /ALL SHOWS EDITED BY "LYZEE"
imma kid what about you
"Can you do me a favor?" are 6 word I hate hearing. In other words, I give you what you want and get nothing in return.
Adventures in commuting - When a guy in a Prius rides your bumper, whips around you and waves with one finger - all you can do is laugh.
i r jealous lol Love it
OH: Inner City vs. Rural, we are all having the same conversation & art is at the core
RT if u want to marry (sucks for the ppl who RT this because they're NEVER going to.... I AM lmao)
Hip hop fighter? Larry Merchant is quickly moving into Pat Summerall territory
Wow I can't even post photos of my cousins now without thinking I'll get into an argument on them.
“Accept who you are; and revel in it.”<U+2015> Mitch Albom.
awesome, impeccable and simply a blessing. I'm a fan and would love to produce a tune for you with a latin tinge.
Why does my bed look like my closet/dresser threw up all over it
Omg, dylan I know what you are going through. I am so sorry. If you need to talk I am here. I will always be here for you<3
On the road to Colgate for the hockey games, Soul Man & Gimme Some Lovin' both came on the radio.
When'd you get him/her? Name?
S/o cause she so trill!!!Tell sammie i said whats poppin!
Merry Christmas Baby
Bigger deal for their team? Derrick Rose or Mariano Rivera?
went crazy grocery shopping last night. #nocarbs, no problem.
baby,im srry
Follow me on onstage am! Kasey_gilpin3
thanks for the follow back! I look forward to checking out and trying your tips!
Access to services is key for healthy sustainable lives. Thanks to all our #nonprofit partners in #SanDiego for providing those services.
Mention deez, shun. (this has been a test)
What do you call dropping the entire UN Security Council into the East River? A good start.
Oh man. Back lashing on emotions are fun.
Adam & Eve don't eat that fruit <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+008E>
i'm going to the opening tomorrow! super stoked about it.
I made it out this morning so hopefully you'll be good! Fingers crossed.
If you live downtown/eastside you should try the Hank Aaron trail sometime. You can catch it near the HD museum.
Wtf? My friend just texted me asking if I could call her because she lost her phone... My question is how did you text me dumbass?
ya I might go down there for a couple day this week depends on work but if I do me u and Jeremy are Gna chill Forsure.
No matter how hard things may seem there's alwayz something good comin around the corner
You are my reason for living!
#newspaces4learning theory into practice
ALMOST AT 300 FOLLOWERS! HELP US GET THERE! PLEASE RT
Gonna go work out now... to nuthin' but Beastie Boys.
Best friend, back to childhood, died last Thursday. Can't shake it. Actually going 'cemetery-sitting' to be with him tomorrow.
Little Ms. L off 2 school & I am going to the new house. Moving day is Sunday. And I have a conference to be at right after.
Anything Eminem pretty much
I'm a newbie so I can't wait :)
Please DM him my twitter name!!!!!!!!111
Yeah - but he only did it after a 14 year affair with a woman he killed after 3 years of marriage. And his only son died early.
should win best male artist y'know.
#dh folk - what would you recommend as examples of DH projects that are interdisciplinary with a field outside of the humanities?
thank you for following and being #150! :)
happy birthday love! Miss ya! Have an amazing day!!
I have the tendency to wear my mind on my sleeve, I have a history of losing my shirt.
Damn Money...this train can't be derailed! I hope Pac Man keeps on running from you because he doesn't stand a chance!
We're back up, and will be supercacheing your personal details from hereonin.
Forgot, eh? U must get interviewed a lot. Q&A were great/smart, no surprise; just wish they'd asked abt your latest work on O.
Wow! The Tix price went up from last year of only $15 for each day. Does the extra price mean we can medicate there?
S/o heard your movin on to bigger and better things. Congrats Kug, I just ask we get one more game of euchre in!
I want to be a legend in this industry of music and other forms of art.
I usually avoid recruiting until it heats up but I can't help already get a little excited. Could we land 15 four stars in this next class?
"All we hear is radio gaga"
I hope to be there!
's Coates says visit www.cso-effectiveness.org for more information leading up to 4th high level forum on aid effectiveness
Chris Bosh would be outplayed by an Oompa Loompa right now.
Love ya too hunnii
I helped someone send out 100 holiday cards in about an hour. We typed it and the company printed it and mailed it for us. Smart!
Brainstorming for our video shoot tomorrow with ADvise Media. Keep an eye out for our awesome videos...coming soon!
yeah. A nice mix of George Brett anger/Carl Everett crazy.
dear board of education, we are too
We were meant to live for so much more, Have we lost ourselves?
yea but I heard the letting us in around 11-12
sry.. Can u repeat the question??
I really need to talk to coach bev b4 I do something I regret
Is there a girl that exists that doesn't claim to be "the clumsiest girl alive"?
Nah it was fun! I'm working on getting him logged on!
is seriously the funniest person ever. So glad she got her own show!
great to be here RT Lets welcome tonight to our #leadfromwithin family.
Damn you KB!!!! Nigga done hit 43!
and gnashing of teeth
- do you know the dates for your spring show yet?
every time i leave you, it's like my heart gets weak
Cool, I just accidentally kicked a blind man's walking stick and a ton of people saw me do it.
Although its cool to say that my viola has a wolf tone, it actually sounds really bad when played. Need to get this shit fixed.
How come I don't see v5.3 on the blog?
Thank you for the awesome piece on #DomesticDisobedience in ! See u there 3/15 from 5-9pm.
What is life for a niggah like me.?
niggggggggga don't tell me what to do shit fuk Dam ugh lmfao
Seeing the crowd for the show going on now is just freaking awesome!
Wow you sure are popular!
I think that's a good return on investment.
Shaped noodles taste the best! #Macaroni&Cheese
|_|!+! SATURDAYS ARE OF DA CHAIN AT CLUB MATRIX...$2 DRINKS...FREE PARKING..LADIES FREE BEFORE 11..--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Keg Stand
our goal is to send 100 million meals to crisis food pantries in US schools each year. Will you help?
Hang on...lemme try get my arm stretched out of this thing...lol
The grant awarded to the library will fund archiving social media from Mid East for research. How will they do it? cc
#Bachelor sucks
My two favorites right now are the two Texans, Ron Paul & Rick Perry. I will wait it out a little longer to make a final decision.
How about 200 followers by Opening Day of LSP!? RT please!
Why do guys take pics of themselves in the bathroom?
Have you been to one of our tailgates? Only 3 left 10/15, 10/22, 10/29 in the Upper Georgia Ave parking lot. Music, Food, Drinks and fun!
Happy homebrew day! Heading to soon for some grain and yeast
Clickbank Case Study - How to make a 100$ Online per day without Adwords?
I remember the time when I was playing basketball one time: I was waiting for an inbound pass and got an elbow to the head. ...
I signed it
Welcome to new friends! TY 2
I've seen 4 seperate grown men on razor scooters today. What gives?
hit me on the left coast bro
Where is the best pizza in Denver?
#Friday the 13th. Can pull covers over my head or laugh all the way into the office. I choose the latter!
Appropriately symbolic. :^)
No, YOU ARE!! I'm wicked reta'ded. Just heard an interview with and can't stop thinking about her on SNL!
Finished the ING Miami half marathon in 1 hour, 53 minutes, and 59 seconds. A personal best for me!
OH BOY
Thank you for following Singing Stone Gallery & Studio in Ybor City Tampa, Florida. Visit our website at SingingStoneOnline.Com or Facebook.
Me and have a private island ;) haha no I'm serious.
Shout out to my newest follower the one and only
Send it to me, bro.
Part of publisher's content strategy (print/dig) needs to be tech strategy. A large not-4-profit can have major software version issues.
Who is the best foreign band you have recently heard?
it looks great..I ll be looking forward to see it :)
hahaha i've been done for a while!
Unwarranted stop & frisks are poisoning the relationship btw communities & police. The path we're on is making NYC less safe & must change
No shave November
"Can I get a little help from my friends?"...I feel as though this is the song Romney sings alone to his copy of Forbes magazine...
I'm watching #hungerhitshome for 's b'day. Cc:
Jenkins over Hill and Randle? Wow.
Heard this yet?, ABC has giving Casey Anthony another $200,000 Child Murderer is on easy street, We going to stand for that?
Is that the speech you just gave to your wards?
; Robert Hass can write you a lovely lament from a place of empathy.
So close you can smell it!! Keep going!! #DFWRhinos #NaNoWriMo RT : 45,564! I am so close!
cool deal. thanks. Are you and Eddie still coming out for that fight soon?
while you're in l.a. you should let me show you around... in a ”non-scrubby” way of course ;)
loved that too! Great use of active collaboration and creativity in presenting! :)
So hungry Gsssshhhh
Is your home leaving you red in the face? We'll make it blue, tan or grey!
Welcome back, #TheShins. If I believed in emoticons this would get an animated smiley face and thumbs-up.
RAVENS SWEEP THE STEELERS!!!!
I tried to find a youtube clip :/
How do we setup the email forwarding system like we have had with packagetrackr?
RT : 20 MPH winds expected in Foxboro tonight which means there's a chance we will see Tim Tebow's very first spiral.
Happy Easter!!
Behind every successful man is his woman. Behind the fall of a successful man is usually another woman.
As of 8/4/10 #roccityderby was granted 501(c)(3) tax-exempt status. contributions to the league are now tax deductible! Thanks Queenie!
yep, gonna be a long year!!
I feel like im gettin sick.
i am not a hater. i'll show you how to tag people monday at school
Happy NY. Looking forward to crushing 2012 beyond imagination with both and
Just 20 minutes away from my last test of the semester. Getting excited...
Global Crash on iTunes, in the US, Canada, Mexico, Japan, Latin America/Brazil, Australia/New Zealand, UK/European Union
Maryland Senate-House budget conference breaks up without agreement, continuing the brinksmanship.
U ARE TO GORGEOUS
I hate when a girl walks by me and her perfume smells like fruity pebbles.
The Word of God is useful for 4 things. Teaching! Rebuking! Correcting! Training! (2 Positives and 2 Negatives)
Everyone should be entitled to discounted prices whether you are a merchant or a single customer. Take a look at our variety of products!
and my mother won't answer my calls. i just want a lunch date
forsho dont think twice about hmu when you see me tweeting xoxo
Politics? // Maybe... after all, you're from Cuba! Welcome to the States! :)
read Gilda Radner's, always one of my faves.
thanks! you kick ass.
First try at strawberries. They turned out good I do admit.
What! Your post are not inflammatory, funny but not inflammatory! LOL
Summer travel update. 3 more flights to NY. 1 to Savannah. Just booked trip to San Diego.
My favorite local vacation spot= on the Erie Canal
My head feels just a bit dizzy and light headed. Disoriented. Speech seems more difficult, stutter more and can't talk straight.
aka your party phone..
When you are supposed to meet somewhere for a practice or whatever at least have the doors unlocked.
wait til the end, when there's a battle to the death and someone takes off everyone's head with a sword.
Teaching Johnson's Idler #31, "On Idleness," in the last week of semester, feels just right.
LOve the video at the end! That's exactly what it's like! Still better than metro. I carpool so the commute isn't too bad
awkward moment when your dog is staring at you when your eatting o.0
you smell, but like no you really fucking smell. take a shower please.
great seeing u back in stride again!
Class went well last night. Next week we will be working on Shakespeare Henry V.
So fucking mad
Today feels like a good day.
I'm gonna be at graduation on Thursday so i better see you!!
I LAVE YOU BABY <U+2665> Don't ever forget that I hope you're feeling better!
ePUBs are the best!
New Girl makes a Tuesday better
thanks for the followand support Nancy hope you enjoy the rest of TC and come in to next time you are in the chi
A study shows women have orgasms at the gym? Seriously? I am doing something wrong.
There's a #birthday in the office today and with it...the promise of red velvet cupcakes! It's going to be a good day...
Packers will take him back :) RT : Wow. #Vikings have cut Ryan Longwell.
ive honestly never felt this before in my life. i dont know what to think.
#ndpl what is the benefit for users, for libraries, for the nation?
You're welcome! Good luck with the project! :)
I'm starting to become as indecisive as ... Nah, not that bad. But close
When you see most stars, you're essentially looking hundreds or thousands of years into the past.
please add a seattle tour! #Bring1DtoSeattle 31
MyMy...": Depression is an inability to produce enough neurotransmitters. A healthy gut makes enough. #wapfconf"
Texas T, I'm working on a dissertation/book project on SLABs. I want to connect with you about it. Do u have an email address?
Surveying those terms would make another great blog post...
Follow me on Twitter ! Thanks guys .
the balcony becomes you.
I'll be in Disneyland that day! I got off work.. I still NEED tickets!! :(
DJ: Have I mentioned that Leach is a monster?
She has 2,000 friends on facebook, and I'm not even one of them!
Ciao ciao! “: Abrigado to for the hospitality you showed & I. Be back soon."
Most feel me.. The rest wanna kill me<U+2755>
RT "In spite of your fear, do what you have to do". -Chin-Ning Chu
Yeah, did you check out Cold for June?!
Best sandwiches in all of Rochester award, goes to... in the South Wedge!
Too fun! Have a great weekend! xx
The less you care, the happier you will be.
yeah I def wanna get em right when they're on sale. Just need your address and I'll put a check in the mail tomorrow. Just 1.
Are you tired from running through my mind all day? ;)
RT : Morning rush hour still going smoothly- no news is good news
if it makes you feel any better, i think you and Eleanor are oh so very cute :)
he did not, but I love the pics from both of you the past couple days!
mediocre tweets.
No offense to , but I'd make a better boyfriend for So AJ, call me ;)
Awesome! Cool looking Betta! I'm going to get some tonight, my one take is looking sad after my oscar died.
On the way to meet up with Mike Kieth and Grasshopper before the game at the Cubbie Bear.
Nysaa andrefsky hated bifaces more common and studied in n America than elsewhere
hehe i hope it comes soon! & isnt it like 1:00am in kentucky? Lol my uncle lives there
haha it's cool. Unfortunately, we're running out of options. Industry wants people to ride 29ers. End of story.
terrible news. May have to get it delivered tonight.
What a Game!
RT: I need coffee everyday to survive, no excuses.
We might know someone. Shoot me an email with the details.
we do that for sure!
Vegan 101 series took home 3 awards last night at LA Web Fest. "Outstanding Sketch Comedy Series".
Lol at how my mom thought I was actually going to leave my phone home today.. No my phone belongs in my pocket.
And David Cassidy is 61! Astonishing!
a train, a plane or an automobile
Just like game 1 game 2 will come down to the goal tending.
Lmaoo i luv that tweet! but at first it sounded WRONG! lmaoo no offense!
welcome to the real world man.
ha! Sounds really fun:]
Act like a lady, think like a man
next gen AMRs 2.0 will create local virtual swarms of meters and using event-driven approaches will reduce cloud MDM complexity
know u meant family...i said 'what' as in i have none Lmaooo and u damn traveler!!! i call walking downtown a vacation hahaaa
Guess everyone is getting ready for the Oscars....I, however, have to get ready for bed....baking call is always early..beep beep at 3am z
not much different than ignoring someone saying Obama should be tried for treason
He loves me
thanks for spending Earth Day with us!
The Black Keys are amazing!!
Great to meet you! RT On to Cali!!!!
Ironically enough we understand is now at Roy's Hawaiian Fusion in San Diego. Chicken skin!
I just want to fight someone. Even if I can't win. #whosupforit?
As an "anxious", I can say I'm WAY too sensitive between hypervigilance and worries about others. New meds FINALLY helping, tho
Lucid Dreaming....
Time to get on with tasks!
Bored AF! I should have a conversation with an insomniac.
well I love it.
That awkward moment went your really confident and you sing the wrong lyrics to a song!:o
Lmao to late i got 2 apple Pies2double cheese burgers n a large frylol
you're welcome - interesting small business journey isn't it?
When planning, don't worry about getting it perfect. Worry about getting started (Felicia Cummings-Smith, KY Dept of Ed)
#ThingsILookFor REAL People!!
Two extra tix to botar-what are up to this weekend??
Thinks every Friday should be taiwanese surf rock night
Happy you all enjoyed that one, we did too
I had a good time,thanks
How do we align with #Health and #Education? Principal as leader, administrator as key communicator.
You read my mind. Let's do it!
come find me when you get in the building
THE DECISION: YALE (I HAD MY MONEY ON UTA).
Yoooo once I get Sims 2, it's a wrap.
#OTG #WEAREOTG #OTGLIFE Music is Apart of Life, Life should be apart of your music
Merry Christmas & Happy Holidays everyone! We love you all!
Just got done with another awesome Life Night with the St. Ignatius youth group!
Publish the work, have students write reflections... Communicate how skill development is progressing.
Awe, thank you! I hope you have an awesome weekend!
so 2 stories to tell you already
is in the house in the second row! Just went up and said hello!
you are already done???
Laughter is an amazing medicine.
Sometimes it's so hard 2 sit still and see injustice all around. Makes me want 2 scream but instead I can cry out 2 God!
Max: "I'm his assistant 'Pickle.'" Zeke: "We didn't agree to that." Max: "Oh right. 'The AMAZING Pickle.'"
I'm not perfect... But I try to treat people with respect and dignity...
RT Mesohot2 If you need money, I get it,just ask. When you start taking it out of my bag.. count me out
relaxed and off to bed night :)
Great interview with Gorilla Zoe last night! 's Invasion Radio
Roast Info in your inbox. Keep it all on the DL - we're trying to keep things intimate.
This is really cool.Thanks for sharing it!
Guess I should finish my anatomy project since it's due tomorrow.
very nice
I can't wait for James Lipton to interview me one day. Dying to tell the world my favorite curse word.
It was THRILLING!! Watched 2 GOOD movies, actually. "It's Complicated" and "Monster In Law." Well GOOD by courtroom standards...
Never. I have handbags that I love. And shoes that I love. And never the twain shall meet. But Red is always a preferred color.
We cant wait to see you! “: so for dinner/lunch”
Just found my new way to avoid work:
Sometimes we look for love in all the wrong places. When we can't find it here, we look there as if it would be, but we know it's not there.
Happy Easter! I'm craving Honey Baked Ham.....
try holding you finger over the "n" key and the "ñ" key will pop up as an option!
haha, thanks! I think I'm might be having a mid-mid life crisis. I enjoy where I've been, but need to explore other options too!
We did a study at my inst and the overwhelming majority wanted to interact AFTER. Experience bears out.
I might just be like that because of the weather or he straightens it, so no, it's the same as usual :)
The drake tour is smackin!! the summer jam lol meek mill 2chains French montana waka and j. Cole #team drake #no brainer
R u serious? RT : I don't understand what are talking about. I just tried #PepsiNext and it is God!!
I'm so lost without the WordPress admin bar.
Haha, very true. #HelloMonday RT Is there anything more scarry than a blank piece of paper?
Me, and are going to be soup and crackers for halloween.
No doubt. Good for you though. I wish I had a sweet bike.
at the Library of Congress working with an amazing group of experts on establishing best practices for oral history in a digital age
If you wanna follow the best Directioner ever follow my girl <3
#theyneedToBringBack the old mtv man
A tip to any and all web page designers: NEVER have music start playing automatically when I visit your page. I hate that shit.
If I tell you I love you, can I keep you forever?
98 cappers posted so far today with 2 consensus from their picks on the Warriors & Mavericks
very classy
First game of the season for me
At the National Cathedral for Wesley Theological Seminary graduation. Excited to see Melanie Weldon-Soiset graduate - a Sojo intern.
hello how you been
I don't need a summer job after I receive all the gift cards from walmart! #TooExcited I think in all like $5,000!!
unable 2 direct msg u. CSD wbsite has comments that are posted on their website with names #'s along w good feedback 4 CCAC
I,m loving my Tune bass!....very pure but strong sound!...I like!
Looking forward to seeing you as well, and all our colleagues in
130,000 low income women in Texas no longer have healthcare. Thanks a lot Rick! Just we need more children living in poverty.
The Civil Wars is one of my favorite bands! :)
I hate it when I ask for the time and someone tells me its a quarter after 3. BITCH just tell me its 3:15!!!!
Graduation Guarantees you nothing its who you know when your done that Gets you a Job..
no worries. See you in Germany!
Agreed. Chiobani has ruined all other yogurts for me
too tired to o cleaning.
"I thought they killed Osama Bin Laden." - Nyles. You don't want to know what he was referring to.
RT : Back up on this failure thing. Encourage mistakes, but dont leave ppl floundering w/o knowing they have a net.
yes I do girl omg I gott a ass now lol
We will be at the Blue Note Lounge tonight with Lost in Society and American Pinup. See you there.
Sure :) RT : Hi (: follow our Brazilian fan club dedicated to the Elektrolytes, please
Chillin' w/ my auntie & my cousin(:
I oppose SOPA and PIPA. They will damage the open internet as we know it. Please help.
Do u have paypal??
Lets go Bucs!!
I just accidentally dumped my mac and cheese down the drain.
happy monday - Revo is coming to San Diego soon!
I want my green shoes to arrive now!!!! Gonna be a straight man rocking green suede shoes!
Who gives a flying fuck if they're respected by Tami? I mean, is that something you'd put on your résumé?
Keeping track of laws broken, by the City of Tucson, is becoming a full time hobby. Just found more violations.
please lets not "blame the system" I think a lot of great teachers are now overwhelmed with the other stuff - cant teach
We the Kings Concert
Woke up to good #nats news!
Yes, you definitely deserve a nap. We're open 10-6. See you tomorrow!
Reminder We are having Mall Fall Fair 9/25-26. Chapel H Mall Also Oct & Nov. Space available Call me 440-1745 It doesn't have to be a craft.
Thanks for the invite <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
ikr!Literally for the past week straight when i get home from school i go on Cody's Website&play his songs over and over again
I'm in Iraq! It's not bad, but it's effin cold right now, 8 hours ahead of NY!
Dad dubbed pharaohs daughter "Candace" tonight.
I have 13 buyin swongs in 156 hands of 6max PLO. Am I doing it wrong?
are you going to go see BATTLESHIP today? :)
Q7 How do I get on track to become a #milliondollar business?
“: you go be there ?” lol u know I don't sing I mite dip thru tho
You're almost half way there! Keep going!
Photography; night session,san jose!
Family's coming today! YES! :)
"that just got me harder than fuck!" ohh the things guys say these days..
Due to extreme demand we have added Tuesday, March 20, for our Capone Wine Dinner series! Amuse starts at 6 pm. Come join us for an...
Downtown LA Law commercial coming to a station near you.
Back to real life. Great workshop last week. Pajama Game, website, and library work this week.
"You know what I wanna do?? Strut." -
So excited for my sister coming in town! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Sad that some HS AD's Would rather hire coach who sees it as an opportunity to just win rather than coach who wants to build character & win
here i found a drinking game for yall
that is very acurate lol A+
I'd say about a 2:01 could probably get someone in..
": awe sooowwy!" About nick today?
Me and my friend were playing the random game.. "justin""bieber""is""sexy""and""he""has""alot""of""swag" ha
We took the last 2 weeks off to scour the west coast for pieces from our favorite 1960's American manufacturers: www.midcenturymobler.com
At least zombies are fun to knock off!
thanks for the follow!
Do the math on medical treatment for your reader. Effectiveness is as important as cost.
Many thanks, Jay. I'm a huge fan of service teams; they are the heroes IMO.
follow back? you know what to do! ;) lol
looks great!
someone put money in my pocket!
He kidnaps children & forces to be violent soldiers to terrorize people, turns girls into sex slaves. So sick, I'm going to cry
#NP Stairway To The Stars x Milt Jackson & John Coltrane
no pink sugar...#SOMEDAY!
poo, Study hall after study hall, even in blades I do nothing .. Same too
Can someone please tell me why is not open at 440am? People are awake this early!!
Man why is everyone fallin in love wit dese dirty ass niggas..loo
On the bus
I was supposed to be sleep right now but my boyfriend wanted me to cake it up with him :^) late night conversations is our fav :^)
Thanks & for the RTs.
I just want to meet the boys, stress free. Is that really too much to ask?
I guess I mean C-style pointers like in linked lists? This should be in AnyRef, but I'm having trouble exposing it.
come on man. He was in pain. You know what it looks like to be in pain right?
Until Outlook told me I had 108 unread messages I was happy. What does that say about Outlook? (And/or Me!?)
I've only waited 15 years for this poster. If they are gone b4 I get to the front of line... Well let's pray they aren't.
same. Let's go and drink and be merry.
i'm gonna watch glee and eat icecream. that sounds about right.
Man i wanna move and be done with college....so far i've learned things i already knew!
Up for my last day of my intensive. I'm #sad. Boo... So much fun creating.
SALMON. Apparently I am influential. Yippee. I don't even really like salmon. Go figure.
Being a luddite is fine, as long as your drug dealer isn't one of them. It's like, adapt or die with that pager, dude.
Thanks for the RT !
Sign up today for the Indianapolis Monumental Marathon/Half Marathon/5K. Prices go up Thursday July 1, 2010...tomorrow.
50 years of dancing have made Eddie Torres the King of Mambo Dance. Period. Do you want to be treated like Eddie? Get 100,000 students first
we will be bringing you another new music video from shortly! stay tuned
mine is subway but taco bell is my second favorite
B back from London w/ daughter. We had celebratory sushi, everyone is very full. TV about to go on. Prediction: All snoring within 10 min.
If you need some professional mastering or mixing done definitely contact Andy He does AMAZING work. So happy :D
I haven't attended company sexual harassment training yet, so I have no idea what any of you are talking about
Snr. Master Sgt. Torry Thompson, part of greeting team, asked president about the NBA finals. Obama said he'll support the Spurs.
that's unfortunate
Facebook reserving the ticker $FB. Will they list on NYSE or Nasdaq?
SDiego Collaborative Law will cost more-FACT.JAMS Thomas Ashworth will make sure of it.Lori Love/Stephen Doyne use children for $$. $$ win.
Southern Career College Launches $100,000 Information Technology Lab
copy and paste haha lol help me
So bored. Maybe I should do my hw...Nah
“: I take incredible dumps”
Whatever we think about and thank about we bring about. ~John Demartini
I play mostly Wav files, but from now on..Never an Mp3 again. If I don't have the Wav file; won't play it! Even gonna try 24 bit on F-One!
Headed to Tennessee today...provided I can get on a working plane @ LAX. Heck, , it's already an adventure!
Oh, there it goes!
it all depends on how long u want to wait! 4s is good...but earliest rumors on 5 have it coming in fall 2012
Joyce Banda next Malawi leader, Muluzi and Law Society say | Malawi news, Malawi - NyasaTimes breaking online news source from Malawi:
cna u follow me?
I think ur account is suspended
YEAH AUGUST. I WENT THERE!
people on twitter convice me that this will all be worth putting up with
She never shuts the fuck up! I swear, just let me do me you do you. You say you don't care bout me well show it. stop worrying bout me.
Happy Mother's Day to all the fantastic moms out there!
There are lots of tasty things to buy that don't support so #boycott until they stop supporting Rush!
Classes start May 1st reserve your seat now for an exciting career in Aesthetics! 630-434-9053
it's all about who you know in the music world. (:
So excited for Island Divine event tomorrow!
thats fine thats cool, you should have said that in a text
Never apologize for what you feel. It's like saying sorry for being real. <U+2665>
Selling NYC & buying LA , & need to fly me out 2 help finalize house choices. Love( after IRS this am this could be love) fabulous clients!
I'm wondering if you'd be up for a Battledecks session at Seattle Creative Mornings in May. Interested?
Have fun! : I'm off today...and tomorrow...and the weekend...and...wait for it...I'm off Monday, too! #YayYayYay !
im greatt!! - smiles- i missed everyone, but im back
Ultima IV probably inspired me more than anything else to become a programmer
10th hour in the studio. feeling delirious.
This Day in History 1968: Dr. King is assassinated.
It should say ZD <3 JV RT : I want a custom license plate but idk what I want it to say... decisions decisions.
Tuesday #HCG Tip~In the 50s tuna wasnt allowed b/c it was packed in oil. Now water packed tuna is allowed & encourage fast #weightloss on P2
RT : Q1) How would you describe Learning on Demand?
Enjoy homie! Don't lose ur hat this time RT : I love #Chicago - can't wait to smile & spin fun music tonight
And don't blame your breakup on someone else. No one stole your man. STFU.
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing.
Singing.. "Aint no stoppin us now... We're on the move!!" #oldsoul !!!
I've been single for one year and I still miss mine - You're not alone *hugs*
thinking about getting a tattoo this weekend...hm
5 Unposter Elements = Introduction, Materials and methods, Results, Outstanding issues or conclusions and Key literature
Got into Georgetown Masters program :)
:-) RT : Oh nothing, just receiving emails from my mother about grammar. Apple doesn't fall far from the tree.
are you still looking for an #OWS photo? I think I know someone who took some today.
It's Fat Tire Friday...$3.50 Pints all day!
Happy Saturday to us! We just stumbled into a Weiner dog meet-up!
I've been good trying to live life, how you been
Nice Hitler stache ;-)
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others
LMFAO I couldn't help it and the funny thing is that she loves me lol
Puppy in Washington Square Park is just too cute.
Fri morning of running, David Foster Wallace, prepping roasted tomato soup, and pondering 4square as a tool 4 student engagement. Perfect!
Blown Just to the Edge of the Driveway with the Wind
FROSTY PURPLE FIRE LSD Bubba is back to melt your pains away by VERY popular demand! SFV OG is in, sssoo strong! Full Menu www.WEEDMAPS.com
if nothing else, I have an opinion on these guys. a point of view.
:D so what are you up to?
All right, offense, Jake Peavy is great and all but let's score some runs anyway. Just for fun.
lol that's funny lmao how u and the kids been? Also do u have talkbox?
MUSIC MAKES THESE THUGS....CALM DOWN :)<3
I know - after not going out for a year, probably, I'm hitting two shows this week (thanks to of course)
Morning all, a cold but beautiful day here in Boston. Much luv, and a productive day to all!
It was a fun discussion -- there should be an archived webcast up shortly.
Heck yes!
We just got some new *honey toke rolling papers*
thanks ladies! I'll wear them as long as I can still walk in them! Gotta as i say!
In the Music meeting
Holy shit, I'm excited for today. #MarvelMarathon - my first legit movie marathon - will be starting soon!
You are so spot on. Man you should graduate early since u already know, like, everything!
Ally: 'I took that in, but not in a deep way..more in a cerebral way. I heard it, but I'm not really thinking about it. Because I'm tired.'
Last day to submit #costar #powerbroker deals. Don't miss out on being recognized for you hard work in 2011!
Just signed up, I love your recipes!
Crisis averted! I remembered which box. Can you really open bottles with your teeth??
Is it wrong to be blasting & singing (Ok trying to sing)? – Please Remember Me by I obsessed w/this song.
On the roof
How to Lose or Gain Weight Blood Sugar Tips Psychetruth Weight Loss amp Nutrition Information - nutrition facts
Learn how to make healthy snacks for your Super Bowl Party at the Centre Branch on January 31st at 6:30pm. Register online or call 251-3700.
At the Fitchburg library - standing room only. Overflow at City Hall.
Free internet access in airports makes me ridiculously happy.
Housee Party!!!! Crazier than our old ones Do-Do! Dude my phones dying but for real I miss you & you should be here!
Thanks for an amazing experience. Beyond gratifying to play music for patients and see it's effects.
yeah its ok np :)
RT : Come visit , , & others at #NRAShow in the FCSI Ask the Design Experts booth #6000 FCSI = free...
aww haylzzzzzz yea. pizza andcat butt holes. what up.
we can date just move to tx
When you have to choose between getting it done and getting it perfect, get it done. Don't let the desire for perfection be an excuse for n…
i aint got time to waste
The customer service man was so helpful! The woman in shoes refused to help me. Looks like I'm not buying from her ever!!
That was so fresh! Much appreciated. Glad to be on your team. Win 100 Grand. Atlanta supports team black, Escape Route.
guys go to the front page of www.purevolume.com and click on us to listen to our brand new single!!!
- any chance you can join me on my radio show today at 3:30pm ET? Plz email me at . Thx!
Come join The Big Blue Nation. This class could get scary good.
Sure thing! You can't go wrong with any of them.
If I don't see one person , &&' hella worse !
Top of the Hops Beer Fest in C'ville....Sat, Sept 11...Tix On-Sale Today at Musictoday and Beer Run (No Service Charges) - Cheers.
How was the Town and Gown event?
My honorary Jew.
My favorite part of the Hannah Montana Movie, When Taylor Swift sings and she dances with that guy <33
Good plan. I'm sitting on my current WIP to make sure it's something I really believe in before sharing it.
Freedom of conscience is more than freedom to hold certain beliefs; it is also freedom to act on those beliefs.
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'! Audrey Hepburn
George Washington's teeth were actually carved from animal tusks, somebody else's teeth, and some from animals like deer and cales.
A Dynamic Network Layer for Advanced Cloud Computing
yeah man!
One follower away from 100...
In pieces, the paragraphs of my great American novel are a la Agatha Christie. Taken as a whole, I write like Stephen King. Woe.
I don't know, but he had enough attitude to make you think he's been at it 50 years! He mellowed out after a bit, though.
everyone is perfect the way they are
Skinny jeans, peroxide blond hair, punk shirts - Mark Lewis says he went through midlife crisis after losing job.
not cool...
Ive found an apartment. Everyone can sleep now!
My mother never listens to me.
yes & many on linkedin check their group feeds on weekends or late nt & any comments made during the week will be there.
ok homie, I actually completely forgot about it. Coulda had yourself a free hoodie and headband lol
success looks way better than any dudes we've met. well, actually, most things look way better than any dudes we've met.
The popular Chicago newspaper "The Chicago Tribune" reports that in late 2012 WWE wants to make a documentary about D Pahnke
#Top100Lies I love you....
Off to watch more #gameofthrones. Who will die, who will get laid, and who will be added to my "that character must die!" list tonight?
You are quite welcome my dear!
can you imagine the stink in something like that? #thatsjustgross WHO DOES THAT!??!
hey hon (not sure who this is on the twitter) you should make your mj shirts the twitter picture :)
I Just Saw A Racoon Outside That's Not Cool... That Means It Haves Rabies
RT: Maybin's HR estimated at 445 feet, seventh-longest in history of Petco National Park.
very sorry for the loss of your Dad.
LOL! You are so funny;)
Two words: #Percolator Coffee
I know not of joelee i dont have a personal twitter
I was asked to appear but couldn't make it. Gr8 segment tho. Did u c it?
Happy Birthday Stephanie Mills~ May God continue to bless you!!!
Was that foul for doing the electric slide?
but I'm mostly upset that Blake didn't send home that little country girl....
3 hour worship practice and sound check here we come....thx for the herbal tea
You're welcome...I'm nice that way.
Short turn arounds are for the <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00A6><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00A7>s
Oh look, it's Porters o'clock.
unfortunately it's not that simple. Size is an indicator but could be the opposite of what we think.
Just biked home with a 30lbs. record player strapped to my back with packing tape... I'm turning into my father.
#IfOnlyAlexKnew how much his smile makes me melt <3
thanks that was fun,!
I'm prolly gonna take some cold medicine in a little bit
The Object Poster, the Visual Pun, and 3 Other Ideas That Changed Design
A friend of mine actually read it when it was a Twilight fanfic.
Having gym first period is pretty awesome because my allergy medicine hasn't kicked in yet & I can't breathe.
Gearing up for a busy April so we're massively following! Hollywood needs you! Look out for our new UR Hollywood Blog next month
Very similar to "Scanner Darkly" Each comic frame comes to life then transitions to the next. I'll post a link for ya when done.
Good point. 2 of the 4 Dudes left & it quieted down. It was the 1st time we had any loud or distracting stuff. Hope its over
isn't her site super-cute? :) Glad you like it!
First 10 people to tweet out "I want to try the new #LichiChews " today will win a complimentary box of our yummy Chews!!
Thank-you for following ! Your sexy. Send videos to !
your last tweet <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
how many tats do you have?
Interviewing the great, Paul Shortino tomorrow for Tales from the Stage. Can't wait!
everyone has a story
Thats great, man! I've been meaning to stop by! #Jazz #Band still meet every morning? What time? TK
Had an awesome time at S+J Hideaway last night. Great friends, great laughs. Now it's hockey + stoup + prehub + a fire + a funny movie=perf.
I have no energy today.
I'm so fat
We are pretty excited about it! We'll have to plan a night out.
Now errbody wants a damn hologram smdh...
Love the front kick!! Looks like that would smart.
#duckdynasty is the funniest dang show I've seen in a long time!!!
Stupid girls saying they love my bf more then i do? UM BITCH. HE'S MY BF.
Life is a gamble and I'm all about my poker chip
Yeah! Love the Basic Minimum Tax!
can i tickle your banana (:
safe ...exciting...unforgettable travels ....
awww Susy you dont have to im sure you wanna meet him again!
You may have to fight the camp counselor!
I'm really killing it!
quite an interesting premise, although I would argue no a new Germanic empire is not on the rise
I'm pretty sure would love to get as much press as you want to give us. :D
I'm gonna watch the film "Like Crazy" tonight.
Is it inappropriate to put :) on feedback I give to student work? Oh, whatever. A bit of warmth can't harm. ????
Hooray! We placed 3rd out of 18 & 5th out of 22 our first show ever!
How you been?
I'll talk to you about it tomorrow :)
Yo just walked another Card. Marco Estrada now warming up for the #Brewers in the pen.
Just walked through a spider web. Hello spring!
www.soundcloud.com/artofevilgeniuses #raw #underground #HipHop new album #apotheosis coming very soon
Bo worries. Looking forward to it. :)
#whosgonnalose - Cincinnati at San Diego - Cincinnati will lose
Alumna Bernadette Torres was just accepted to KC's art council. Thanks to Michael Claeys () for the tip!
unfortunately no :| haha
#sagittarius woman has a dirty mind <3
it's still work, so all the more power to you. I eventually want to be on "the other side" too :)
Discovering new Tv shows
Wish i had school...got to work for the donuts to send my three children to school! lol Thanks
TPC Scottsdale on a Sunday afternoon. Don't mind if I do, wish could join
": Ravens safety Ed Reed is taking BP for the #orioles" Dude def has range!
talking about judicial review of presidential use of war powers, blah blah blah... but yeah, lol
i remembered the name Pam Coronado i think..anyway dont know her personally just heard of her work :)
wish me good luck fighting at NAGA tomorrow!! Have a real good day Bas
Y does everyone judge a book by its cover
hey I'm 8 months away so technically I am:) lol
i wonder if will see this & RT or follow or something!!! lol
Can't wait for prom today with my AMAZING girlfriend:)
Jenny Bauer... So good to see you.
Shit, I already know
Reverbnation.com/unknownakajondoe listen n vote for ' n my cadillac' ft maxima
An extra hour in bed tomorrow ... The one I've been losing for over 6 months now - sweet :)
Naturally, for I am the Dayman
I love when I get caught by every damn red light.
I don't there's a better combo out there
S/O to all my baby mama's!
We hope you are having a tremendous day!
I'll see your January and raise you December. ;-)
Frances is leaving us for grad school. :( Make sure you tell her what a terrible decision this is. :p
stood me up last night & I had to WALK HOME!
But I'm sure carrying less than 3 grams of pot will still get you sent to jail in Topeka.
I'm going to email you back today!! Just haven't had the 15 minutes to do it yet.. Been mobile for a while
This lineup for Indy was equivalent to Vogel pointing to his balls.
RT : 6 - made 6 key passes for Sporting, while Rapids made just 6 key passes as team. Playmaker ---American Del Piero, folks
Guy who bought my table off CL just told me "You can't believe in God & be a Democrat". I'm Republican now, the price of the table doubled.
BARF. so sick of "girl", pink, etc etc.
Miami&#39;s Wayne Morris amond Springfield Raceway leaders
“: Who would like hang out at North Star with me and sometime soon(:” :O !!!!!
Checking my email.....Wow alot to read!
it's possible; everyone's body is different. some people do really well vegan, some people don't. it's biology.
geez man! Your kids are really easy to shop for!!
thanks Tarah! Good luck with your tournament! Let me know how you and Kaitlin did.
You're a weirdo. But I love you so much! I just can't with this anymore. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
I sent you them
Thanks Gloria...get you in here soon! RT : YUM! Enjoy!
Don't worry, you're not alone.
Omg, i`m so proud of you guys right now.
It's not even freaking raining, just a little thunder..
That would be so fun and hi-tech! :)
culd u follow back
I'm leaving some Seattle Sorbets samples at the Westlake Mall Dilettante Mocha Cafe tell all the people at ur job and go get some. Just ask!
Many people do not know but on some services or products we can do 6 months same as cash
So, "Giant Lizards from days of yore"? Got it.
Having this great morning vibe. Peace, Love, Tranquility and many blessings to all of you today and forever more! :D
want those chores done? Lol
Sitting in traffic and watching a lady really getting into singing the Sleepys mattress jingle.
ahaha no worries (:
Painting walls late into the night. We keep it rolling!
I don't think Doug is on twitter. Thanks for the support though!
People these days smh
Hey thank you for following me. I'll be returning the favor shortly.
Ah, to be in some calm, sun-lit reading room at a public library in Fort Worth.
where you headed to now?
HOORAY for FIRST DAY :)
Visit www.FIDPA.com and take a look at The International Poker Rule #62.2 Raise Requirement
Ha! If I have my way, #HTML5 will get there soon!
Its been just over 2 weeks since Austin Mahone tweeted me <3 (;
Haha I love it!
Follow my friend shawnparikh and tune in to his first season on Cougar Town!
oh lord lol RT GOOD GOD! RT about time they have an ad 4 the females!
is that really your pic after you worked out? <<<<3333
a good time lol
Anybody gotta #LIGHTER???
you'll be missed ;-(
its nothing wrong with being a freak its u hoes i cant stand...
Saturday. Sun. The Beatles. Breeze. Breakfast. Life is Good.
SUPER BOWL 2012. AYE
Austin, TX bound!!!!
You are doing a great thing!!! She doesnt have dreams so she needs to try and steal someone else's! Blessings!
I love it when a client is absolutely thrilled with their new web site.
Follow !!! I created it today for all you people!
RT I wish I was a ginger.
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen #SOMEDAY so #NEVERSAYNEVER 87
Tonight's DTR meeting is canceled! Next full coalition meeting is Thursday July 14th at 6pm.
tonight our freinds Before the Satellites are playing the House of Blues in Anaheim tickets are 10 bucks and they play at 10:45. hope...
So. Much. Homework.
Pandora has never replied to me or anything. It's ok...I got my, Yara. Xoxo
that shows been horrible since season 3.
Brb. Emotionally eating.
Leadership in a CyberWorld: Perspectives from Six Police Executives - download .pdf fr
so excited for the TCA today!!!
Hi Thanks for following me!! Very kind of you.
The lineup is set.
Yeaa(: BUT when he comes i will make sure to kidnapp you so you can come with me!!!
I am learning that a new father's role is to provide emotional stability and not take things personally.
So im in dennys and the waitress is walking us to our table and this little girl says "mama shes pretty" ohh little kids :)
You know life gets complicated when you have to hide things you aren't ashamed of and face problems you never dreamed of
Pune just woke up and killed my slushy -__-
Trying to get 40 followers by next wednesday! Please help and F O L L O W!!
hahah probably not but they totally should!!
#Valente, The Girl Who Circumnavigated Fairyland in a Ship of Her Own Making. Sweet YA quest tale, maybe not as extraordinary as the reviews
Thanks for the follow cutie!
#GETACMTOPHILLY. I THINK THE OTHERS ARE BLOCKED.
One of these days that tram is gonna crush me, I just know it.
Tip #214: Husbands, pray over your wife (out loud) and speak words of love, gentleness, & encouragement to her.
Apparently, it set the record for the hottest temp recorded that day ever. We're for it!
up early. lots of italian roast coffee, live #StradeBianche, hard group ride then taking kids to a bday party. all by 11. love saturdays!
#GamerPickupLines ill have you seeing clouds in your final fantasy
RT : Old joke. Woman to baseball player: "I just loove athletes." Player: "Maam, I'm no athlete, I'm a ballplayer,"
thank you sweet heart. :)
YOFEOYL (everyday of your life) !!!! ;))
1st stop? Not bad! When's the grand arrival???
Welcome back to those who left! Madtown Munchies has resumed school year hours of 6pm-2:30pm Sun-Thurs and 6pm-4am Fridays and Saturdays.
Totally loved it; completely worth it; 100% nerd status badge unlocked. Would love to update you on te latest. Exciting stuff!
I love spoiling beautiful women!
UT alum is presenting on free business resources right now in room 362 BCEF
Thanks, I appreciate it
HI ! How was your day ? Lol so I'm like one of ur biggest fans , nd seriously if u followed me back you'd make my life <3 (:
Award winners: Intellectual Freedom Award: Devon Hicks; TLA Making A Difference Award: Ride for Reading
you're the one that's supposed to be drying my tears; not the one causing them...
Tomorrow is one of two Friday's left on the Italian Steak sandwich. We will be launching our spring sandwich special on the 23rd.
Have I mentioned lately how much I love Ikujiro Nonaka's model of organizational knowledge creation.
This weather>>>
get to steppin what are you gonna get
look at my last text !
Thank you.
WHAT THE HELL? DO NOT TELL ME THAT ALL TICKETS ARE RESERVED.
can i get your autograph?! and maybe you can get me that hottie's autograph too if you know what I'm saying ;)
What do you love about Cleveland and the surrounding area?
in this computer concepts klass waitin to board that plane
if i could, i would<3
I know! It's been maybe nine months since I first discovered it and I'm still obsessed.
RT : Proud to welcome 5-time #NASCAR Sprint Cup Series Champ to the family. Excited to be his mktg rep
Now that was a hockey game.
Will definitely post pictures! I had the best experience at They were so nice!!
thank you!
Fans that are brain washed get on my Mutha f****** nerves
I'm good cuz the fake and the real can't blend.
Have MITT ROMNEY ever had a PLAN OF ACTION or A SOLUTION. I can see myself being rolled into surgery and being told, "YOU ARE OWN YOUR OWN."
Don't fuck with anything less than SSD.
Good idea.
correct, we drive straight through every year
Teaching a 2 yr old to say "please" is its own form of amusement.
Jonny Craig gives me so much hope. Omg.
Honestly you did it to yourself, so don't blame me.
I didn't know it!!! Thank you :)
OMFG did you just see colton ?! OMFG I'm freaking out colton I need you on this show <3333 OMG can't breathe you're so beautiful <3 COLTON
Gareth is here in April at Enclave! Vision is being remodeled.
So wrong! RT“: I just saw a man wearing Ugg boots, in the spring. #saynotougg #imineugene”
just remember how the family of contortionists would feel is they read that tweet k
#GeorgeClooney on the red carpet on Denver's 7 right now
#10ThingsIFindAttractive Intelligence, a nice smile, a nice body, juicy lips, tattoos, "good guys", the way he dresses, scent, you and me :)
Dear insomnia, I generally like you. You make me productive. But right now can you please just fuck off? Love Rees
Michelle + Nyquil. A short story.
i kno im funny
Had a great day with my lil man.
yes but why would i need hoes!
Yeah! Haha! How are you? :]
People of NYC, do yourself a favor and go see this “: Playing a free show for Diesel Jeans on Tuesday."
: just experienced my first LA earthquake. A nice little 4.2 I like to call "mamacita."
Two pots of my "Go Bash Squash DePauw Vegetarian Chili" are ready. Come & taste chili at 1st Annual Unofficial #MononBell Chili Throwdown!
off to the recording studio. =-p what are you up to?
my take: book was interesting but slightly disappointing bc it could have been so much more. It was still better than movie.
Just reset password. CAPTCHA word was Fuhrer with the umlaut and all. Awkward!
oh my god hahaha
The bold times are PM, regular times are AM. Hope this helps!
Lol i love how me & my mom fight over the radio in the car! At least she let me blast
Trying to set up my #Google #Chrome #Hayfever timesheet app - time to call in my Tech Dept. in the form of !
Im awesome over here in Arkansas!:) And thank ya!
I get to be Sarah Palin again this week! :D
#Palko is trying to compete with #Brady for most passes to the #Patriots tonight
RT Here's a storify of last night's talk
I have a lot of hookups there.
Avoiding the crowds and chilling by the sea in Edmonds with the BTs
Dear , You should follow me :). Pleasee?(: . I promise to be a true mahomie. Forever and always <3 -me(:
I can't stop thinking about #Sophialoren this morning.
"i got a boyfriend just because im old dont mean i cant look!" LMAO WOAH GRANDMA
Good night
Brunch special: Breakfast Skillet- Roasted red potato topped with two poached eggs, red peppers, red onion and a hollandaise sauce. $7.95
What is it?
I recommend Lifetime Christmas movies.
done you turn please :D
Another Day of School.
Thx, & gave your art some airtime! RT : Great job on the presentation today! You guys killed it! /cc
Kevin Nash is trending...makes me wish we ordered SummerSlam lol.
Why so mad?
Hoping you made it back from Kansas without losing or forgetting any keys, or getting the lock cut on the trailer at 5 a.m.
stop retweeting things ;p
There are Jelanators out ther (like me) and if that would happen i would cry
Hey It's Tuesday February 7th and Our 5.99 Special of the Day is Pork Chops Dinner!
definitely! I have experience is PR, SEO & Affiliate Marketing. also guest blogs for & could prob help out too!
Successfully employing the "private Twitter list" strategy for reducing noise. Here's to Lent and kind of fasting.
Get more CIO's on twitter? I would have better luck getting that 5th dentist to cave and recommend sugarless gum for patients.
thanks Jojo!! Have a great night and don't get into trouble!! You're too lovely to get into trouble!!!
Let go & it will be yours forever.
Four in a row birds for TW.
- As will all of the middle-class and poor Americans that make the mistake of voting Republican.
When I was a kid our flu games came with the title on the line in the finals.
I'm hearing some nice buzz about it. Congrats.
Emily Maynard is the next #Bachelorette!!! Cannot wait!!
Love the magazine! My buried life list...to visit the Oprah show!
About to make me some fried pickles, :)
Does anyone want a free headshot chance?
I think it was 68 degrees here at 7am
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit. Aristotle
Math class :D heck yeah! Hahaha? Jk. :P
Big time #NFL star coming in for a photo shoot with AP Images this Friday, looking forward to it.
Veg options? RT : SO excited! RT : I hope you are ready to go to Dinosaur BBQ when it opens in Newark next week.
I have never witnessed anyone walk into an airport bar and own it like this gentleman just did. Maybe it was his Fedora, suspenders, accent.
This kid is annoying, aye aye.
I guess that means you made an A+?
shout out to you love...
RT : Boy: Would you like to be the sun of my Life? Girl: Aww... yes! Boy: Then stay 9,995,887.6 miles away from me."
then want r u doing
What was your previous record?
NEW SPONSOR. Thanks to - one of Baltimore newest and nicest bars/restaurants. Friend them.
I had no idea they had crochet classes at michaels!! Very very cool
Just call/email me already PLEASE.
Happy Monday! What did you and your Audi do over the weekend?
if the buzzer shot went in after bouncing on the floor does it count
Are you available for a quick chat over the phone? We'd love to connect and explore a potential partnership. Thanks!
Hello agents at Ted Kurland. Anybody have any extra time to dedicate to a promising artist on the rise?
E-HOV you've been under the radar slick ass
The #Bridesmaids cast looks amazing. I'm glad they are presenting tonight.
I will look into that.
thank u!!
Does this dinner thing just keep going on and on until you die? Every SINGLE night a meal on the table? Time to break this nasty habit...
Persistence in one way is not a guarantee of victory. But, persistence blended with experimentation does guarantee
but the rat in tatatouille was kinda cute, in a not really cute way hahahaha . Tell me all about it tomorrow!
CHECK YO MAIL..
On the way to L.A. with ! And by "L.A." I mean "In-N-Out Burger."
Yay thanks!! Btw your mix tap is so sick!!!!!
I'm going back in an hour for Zumba lol
Good Job! :) Keep up the good work! RT Down 10.5lbs since Monday. Feeling pretty happy with myself so far.
It's one of those days...but I'm getting a lot done. :)
Meek mills tape is gonna go down in history, the music lives up to the hype.
i want to! i miss the north west :(
In a sad turn of events, there are no other tweets with the hashtag #treeboobs ) :
Does it matter if I can't clear my mind There's a right and a wrong time.
Friday at Fujiyama... You gotta get here!
Stick a fork in the Orlando Magic....they're done.
I want some!!! Lol
Creating my first certificate of authenticity for the first 2 somaphony canvases sold. The beginning of it all. It's all a beautiful struggl
Promoting endless breath holding training, leading to long term oxygen deprivation madness. Then you see it all the time.
So if you do all of your manufacturing up in NJ, how does your material arrive? Do you use Bulk or Packaged delivery?
flying out to see you play against Sacramento in April :)
I NEED A FUCKING RIDE TO WARPED TOUR.
I love traveling
which event?
Really? I don't see the resemblance. Mike seems like the quiet guy of the clubhouse to me.
happy hump day (wednesday) to you!
Vendors are invited to display their products and/or services at the 2011 Southeast Institute on Homelessness and Supportive Housing.
": It's sad how guys go for the outgoing girls, when the ones that keep to themselves can actually handle a relationship."
I love your new video:) I have watched every single one:)<3
nice singing voice you have there
RT : RT : Broncos are shopping CB Alphonso Smith, seeking a 5th round pick in return (never liked that trade)
Hmm the Zimmerman protest comes to Central Texas.
Congrats on volunteerism award at last night's Young Professionals Leadership Gala!
Matt please follow me! I love u so much!
your looking at the real deal now
i have blue and pink socks on.. and it shows under my black jeans.
Ballard was fun,scored stout for Tues drinkup @ Bottleworks, just got downtown & settled @ the GT 1st & Pike. what to do now?
Happy Monday, All. How was your weekend?
Our client has two PAID summer internships in the web/mobile marketing group. Hit me up for the details if you're interested!
Come follow us at our new handle , don't miss out!
Please follow me! I love you!
Kowba: I still believe that a midyear cut in the range of $30m is a tipping point
If my wife can make waffles, aw man......I'm going to lose it.
talking re World Bank's experience on Twitter overcoming government speak and red tape to build something meaningful
nice ride lady !!!!!
I feel like I need to go exercise
how would you know if i said before we started talking?
Rappers all liars !
I got cds. Ill stop by later if that's cool
Thanks -- I'll include wmat in tweets for future shows.
Riding my new bicycle...wheeeeee!!!!!!
: Happy mothers day to the one and only
We gotta get this thing going...I've been dieting for a week...I'm droppin' it like it's hot!!!
it's probably because he doesn't like to tell people straight that he likes them idk why though
All nu Thursday stop. Chick gonna be a zoo tho
Count down!!!!!
Live life to the fullest, even when last night you had a knot of stress in your gut
is feeling hopeful, enthusiastic, and like it's time for waffles. Wake up Scott! Wake up! Waffles!
of course they do. They're teenagers.
What is weirdest about being home is how not weird it feels...
El Salvador :)
Conservatism out the window in this 2012 Republican Primary. I would be shocked if Santorum or Gingrich revived there campaigns
#Hulkdemullah.com #Reckless Recordz inc. #The S.P.K
I don't go making conversation with any guys. The conversations come to me
In orlando. Forgot mac charger, waiting for the mall to open so I can get one from the mac store
Heading to DQ with RJ!!! Gonna get my first blizzard in forever!!!!
Thank You
So porque eu 20pegar U.U
I got some sneakers to sell. I think I might get to post them!
Fat girl problems...my life story
What techniques do you use to get your ADD/ADHD child to pay attention?
coding web pages is awesome. #me + #you { margin:0; }
aced my math final all i have left is ISOM and Art History Final and ill be homebound
poor decisions
thank you. really glad you are enjoying it.
which gets me to thinking!!, how can a person NOT have their cake and eat it too? It's cake! What else is it for!!? lol
he beats his meat, not his chick!
Pat, that is so sweet of you. Thanks so much! Glad we connected!
hook me up brotha and im not gonna unfollow. Lol
Photography is about sharing how you feel at the time.
MOS WANTED CREW.<U+E022><U+E00E><U+E418><U+E10E>
please renew #Sanctuary .... Pretty please! Good writing, amazing actors, wonderful show... Come on... It's a no-brainer!
I'm just saying!! We already struggling with Aids killing our culture.
I am very ready to stand in judgment of these people! Guilty!
how would you draw that as a yoga pose?
Wow. 5 TD's in first half - NFL record. Gronk continues his dominance. This is a different Patriot team
Honestly? Unsure. I see the savings leaf occasionally. But my hours in and out are so random as well as the weather lately.
HoeLies# 15: I'm not insecure.
that shit is just horrible
You're getting annoyed .. Sorry :p aaha
Get well soon. Bieber Fever killed 1/3 of the population in 2011. Its one of the all-time worst pandemics
As you stare at me from heaven i know you still have a part of me that no one else ever will...why did you have to leave...and not take me?
“As fallible humans, we usually slip too far over one edge or the other - all wrath and judgment or all grace and love.” Eric Wilson
We will be in touch.
thank you man
Hope you have a blast!
Also... just had great discussion with guy who works for me... it ended with a question - What is your basis for truth?
I'll cut to the chase, www.thekeyplayerz.com, go to the media page and have a listen. (Here's 1 out of 100's of millions.)
It's a great song! It really is.
When was i ever on your top ? Never , & Bc i want you to chase me first , Kk , it's not that easy .
correct her!! hahaha
Hey #LAKings, #VanCanucks would like to play in the Detroit/San Jose Golf Classic that starts tomorrow. Let's help out!
"The older I get the less I listen to what people say and the more I look at what they do." - Andrew Carnegie
oh happy day!!!
how you 7 feet tall and can't play defense?
#WhatHurtsTheMost doing any and everything to make it big in the world but no matter what u keep coming up short
let's go to wet republic on Friday!??
Those who take part in creating the problem couldn't be part of the solution. --ABDEL MONEIM ABOUL FOTOUH
and to answer your question, probably not.
You know, you can't possibly be the only one today.Look outside.
wait you're back?! Or is this just your white twitter?
Cool. Let me know how long the battery lasts as a watch.
What did the five fingers to the face ?<U+E012><U+E41E><U+E334>
its now day 5 of tribeca film festival and many good movies
Things tonight has made me realize: I was never a Whitney Houston fan
hee. my children *are* often naked watching disney movies; so, good for you!
"comparing a lecture with reading books is like comparing instant coffee with a tea ceremony"
Real NICE! Props.
It took a lot of people to help us make this film and for the next few days we're going to be blasting out some thank yous.
It was our pleasure! RT : Enjoyed seeing my PDX gluten-free restaurant piece in August's Thanks!
Awesome! Where are you going to put it? Loving the new logo!
Thank you so much for the follow!
Thank you for RTs and helping us spread the word.
#imaslacker QOW "I could not have made it this far had there not been angels along the way" Della Reese
Laughed this morn when Magic Johnson said on Steve Harvey morning show he has money for his new network, but not "Oprah-long money."
No doubt. You wish you were here.
Great stuff at the #ProBonoInstitute conference in DC. Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg to speak tonight.
DRINK YOURSELF TO SLEEP!!!!
do ya wanna follow meh?
Nearly suffered ignominious end of being run over by bus b/c watching Mannheim Steamroller Xmas lights video on YouTube
"Don't talk to the neighbors. Thieves want your things. Neighbors want your time. I'd rather give them my things."
Betty White's "Off Their Rocker"
found it in cable lol!! "Sam's!"
Looking forward to it!
Look forward to it every year! RT : RT us if you've ever been to the Albuquerque International Balloon Fiesta!!
Do you have soul ? Living in bliss ? Trying to scream threw all that the mist, just make sure that when you scream people realize you exists
Humility might be an admirable personal trait, but if you’re a small business looking to build your brand, it won’t do you any good. Be BOLD
“: Ohio fire fighters filling the stands for tonights Ed Show.”
Weeks of awful bedtimes were ended tonight when I recalled that dream catchers also snag invisible monsters and hung AJ's above his head.
following the Gitelman talk from a distance via your tweets. Thanks DHers at
Never mistake kindness for weakness! Great leaders know how to disagree in a respectful manner. -Price Carney
I don't have much luck with them. I'd rather you guys handle stuff. :-)
Watching MTPress now. What will Paul Ryan say?
Lindy Fix tonight at 8 at the Polish Cadet's Hall! Beginner lesson with John and Sylbie, DJ Rob!
Just coming back from Christmas in Overtown; 47 F in Miami currently @ 8:30 PM
so let's talk about making some moves!!! Inbox me ur contact info..
RT : Can I live?
we better or I'm going to start answering them all and it's confusing some times
After a fun football filled Sunday, it's back to business.
tell my brother to close his mouth he looks like a goof in that pick
We're doing well, but missing Alto Adige
i def wanna be part of the slide show :)
Wait, Denver has orange! And they drafted Tebow! RT I've followed Broncos. Time to pull 4 Cinci :)
i will once im off follow limit <3
Dude, picture this: corrugated METAL. #Booyakasha! And, yes, of course you may visit.
My son just left the US Navy after 14 years. He hunted Somali pirates and served in Iraq. Can you help him to find a job...
Yes, on Monday I'll be performing capitalism while others organize their shoe closets in honor of the idea. God bless America!
Do you think they said "Reed you need to make some changes or we will?"
We're at the 2012 #NBIAConference! This great, and the pre conference is filling up quickly... Good thing we got seats early!
lookin good Dylan <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
-I LOVE CATS-
This afternoon, you will feel our WRATH. ;)
it's so true it's sad
USA USA USA
Yup, Pittsburghese is well known around here.
Bumpin that I Got Polo by But I need to get on that joint tho its to hard.
Book lovers never go to bed alone. - Anonymous
"you must give up the life you planned, in order to have the life that is waiting for you"
#AAM2011 Online fever session: UVic: reading and writing skills are *critical* for all participants in online progs
Listening to Stevie Wonder's Pastime Paradise. Forgot how genius this song was.
I would like to clarify my previous tweet... I like the format of this debate, but not the questions.
thanks for the #FF shout out! Happy Friday!
Heck yeah I'll follow Quinn! I didn't know you were out there.
You're welcome, happy to get involved in #DCSM! MT : Hi Belated tks 4 sponsoring the recent DC Foursquare Day event
What a life i have... Y do dese hav 2 b so crzy
Check out live birth with midwife in chapter one of My Name Is Mahataa
Holly bacon! is tomorrow. We can't wait! Didn't get a ticket? Stop by the restaurant to sample what we are offering..
Can't wait for the summer
The scar on my face is from a bicycle accident, but I've made it a more nefarious story to my dates.
Wanna give a happy mothers day shout out to all the mothers I went to high school with
Congrats to for winning 4 tickets to tomorrow's game! Thanks to everyone who entered!
More concerned about how Obama faked Obama's life.": Turns out awful lot of people think Obama may have faked Osama's death."
Unusually satisfying Monday--making slow but steady project on book revision project
Black Friday is here! Avoid the crowds & purchase your Clear2Go bottle w/ filter at www.amazon.com or www.Clear2O.com!
Thanks so much! That's all i need to hear to keep playing. Best to you, VOo
lol...someone u should follow-->
The purpose of life is a life of purpose. ~Robert Byrne
take a pic please!! Do it for the fans! xx
Feeling like I'm the oldest in the bar...
Welcome to the team Kris Love, Nicolle Zurek, Shelly Simon, Matt Oswalt, Taylor Stevens, and Sarah Sheppard!!!!
Short haiku by Issa, read by Rogers A lovely thing to see through the paper window hole The galaxy
I want pink dip-dye again but my mum said she wants me to have blue,idkkkkk.
thanks for the follow back babygirl
All immigrants can participate in 2012 elections. Everyone can make a difference through volunteering, voting, & more!
Derek Beaulieu: "Louis writes. Susan writes. Nevel writes. I cannot write."
Time for water aerobics class!!!!!!!!
no better bet than a subjective one. And your dad is right
RT : Speed wins in social media. Speed wins in customer service. If u have the 'We can't say anything now until we hear...
Free Sims Card Thursday
Seriously? Wasting beer? Smh... RT I know fans can get passionate, but throwing a beer, or anything, at an ump? Really?
Thank you! Yes to training more librarians to be computer programmers!
What items are everyone's favorites, so far? Always on the lookout for good org products...
Can you pls follow us so we can follow up with you?
that was so funny!!!!!
sorry, just linked my new tumblr to twitter before posting like 30 things XD
On #Pandora, how many times do I have to give the thumbs down to songs by a specific band before that band is removed from my station?
Maybe today. Rainy this morning. Wonder if it'll clear?
that sounds unreal. on multiple levels. GOOD LUCK! go #techcamp team.
my little angel Jadely is gonna be 1 tomorrow shes grown so fast i love her XOXO
awesome - which box? my norcal crossfit is up there.
Just learned happy hour is illegal in the state of Illinois.
Screw yoga. Cutting grass is more meditative & rewarding. And I can play Imperialist, gradually cutting territory into my neighbors' weekly.
every now and then i'm amazed that the four girls i kept in touch with from high school are ladies i've known for 15-20 years now. so cool.
Looking at Adam Sandler's recent movies, my guess his he has to be broke
Had a fun afternoon with the camera today. Will post the pics this week
Leaving town just as SXSW begins. But boy could I use that vacation.
Lloyd should be a NASCAR driver. he turned left well.
Excited for and Cut the Rope. Love that game!
When the power of love overcomes the love of power, the world will know peace.
thanks. just doing my part.
when you fall don't just sit there like a retard get up!!!! forget the selfish loosers who put you down!
There are those Mat Gamel wheels again...
J.S. Park is one of my favorite players. He's all over the field.
RT : should follow because hes such a kentucky fan
uh, maybe you should get somebody *else* to take the class!
This weather needs to make up its mind !!
Mitt's economic plan would be a serious Bain in the ass to the poor and the middle class.
Put your fork down! Between bites that is…
Recommendations for best Mac screen recorder for Mac (vodcasts and machinima)?
thanku ;) Make it a great Monday!!
The only way that goal is any better if Espinoza actually gets it. He is trying so hard and deserves a goal.
It is officially impossible to tackle a QB in the
Who else is excited for warped tour?! I'm only going to one stop on the tour this year but its the SF one so the weather will be perfect!
Nymphomaniac: a woman as obsessed with sex as an average man.
ANd...im still not home
Thought that a Highest-&-best use when I bought them-though given for culinary pleasure alone.
i love your piece! thanks for sharing it with me! i love the rest of your blog also :)
thanks! “: Happy
So tired of the rain
wish I was there!
RT #quote 'just because lots of people like your status' doesn't mean you have lots of friends'
It's zombie-like at this point, right? Uh uh uh-uh-uh
It's almost impossbile to be a zealous pragmatist.
Our Advanced English Class has been discontinued. If you're looking for English classes, many of our fellow branches have them available.
That, I can't say. It wouldn't be fair. Just know the most is 31 right now :) Sorry! -Sandi.
Maine's statewide book club has begun! We're reading TR Reid's The Healing of America - visit www.getbettermaine.org/bookclub to sign up!
We're going to have a Google Hangout with the Press Secretary.
In a fit of boredom, I just surveyed my followers. You're a fine bunch of people. Except that guy over there NO DON'T LOOK!
scored the first goal in Icehogs history
RT : Lakers were still relaxed today despite Game 1 disaster. Kobe on his recovering health: "I've been on the can a lot."
I think would be a good suggestions. RT : The Oscar show needs a host born after the Dodgers moved to LA.
Daily Dose of Goodness: "Diploma" is Greek for "folded paper." And now you know what you really worked for all those years.
Three days in and we've visited four departments here in Colombia. I tell you, early mornings & late nights make one tired boy at dinner.
It is awesome seeing our students grow in our primary tenets of Courtesy, Attentiveness, Perseverance, Self-Control, Honor, and Courage.
Had a delicious drink at ! Good happy hour if your in SE
Ancient Philosophy, great class. No complaints.
Living in Paris for 3 months wasn't nearly long enough. Til the day I live there again at least for now I live there in my dreams
I played terrible golf today but it was a blast...Congrats to for a monster day on the course..thanks to for host
Finally disposed of the 24ft long mega desk in the back office! Another room for books, yes!
I make them at work every Friday usually, want to come over sometime and eat with babes?
<3 I love ya!
I thought so.. Maybe that's why this is Jackson's 2nd favorite day of the week?
thanks amber for saying that
Thanks so much to Gypsy Death Star for being an AMAZING opening act and setting such a fantastic vibe for the night!
RT - I want a beautiful woman to feed me some grapes. Shes has to have on a Miami dolphins jersey tho. That's what ...
Another amazing concert!! A & collaboration would be icing on the cake!!
So my parents want me to quit my job....
1000 words. Double-spaced. Anytime. Anywhere.
hey !! I'm great. How are you ?
Determined to feel good for Derby!
I dare you to shave your legs ;)
finishing up these charts for the show Monday!
that's EXACTLY what Plan B workouts are designed for. Whenever life throws a challenge your way...you keep going.
going to be in vegas tonight 9pm......whats up?
Staying to myself tonight /:
Yes, this is why I wince every time I check twitter on my phone. You people!
Hey my NYC Tweeters... My man is selling 2 tickets to tommorrows Yankees vs. Twins game @ 7:05 @ the stadium! Section 212, row 1! $80 face v
Special guest presenter: David Meerman Scott, best-selling author and acclaimed marketing blogger
IDK how else to express my love for and !!!
P.S. My corworker was talking about your awesome drawing and I sent her the link to you Flickr post. Thanks for sharing!
I already read Boneshaker and didn't like it as much! I love Nurse Mercy in this one- she is one feisty lady!
your always on my mind. ;') follow me? <3
jealous of Quickie's Jedi Master skills. RT Intermission Activity: Mike Smith is ______
$ROVI is a Japanese candlestick "belt-hold" buy today. It took out the sellers. Stronger volume and increased MFI.
says never trust a guy with a bow tie. i might agree...
check out
Looking for an expat position in Singapore
Jules You probably said something sassy
Re: vols.... we're always looking, and I think we fit the profile.
lucrative design features... car phones and shit...
The triumphant return of the Friday afternoon trio improv session - fantastic way to end the week.
Taking the dog for a walk in the park this afternoon, because it feels like that kind of day.
first tweet in three days
John McKeon, who hails from the Dallas Morning News, is replacing Stephenson as publisher.
Ever wanted to participate in a #flashmob. Here's your chance San Diego! FREE & open to the public! www.sandiegoweddingparty.com
Golfed a 93 today! Relaxing now with champagne, bourbon, and family. HNY!
think you mean Sunday, May 20th... I almost got excited thinking Fitz and the Tantrums was Saturday! Haha ;)
"William, stop wiping your greasy hands on your pants!" "I'm not - my hands are exercising!" o_O
Good day! Excited about partying with tomorrow. It's gonna be a #Bleu day.
That would definitely be my first choice! Have fun!
may know the Mayor of Boston, but I AM THE MAYOR OF FUNKYTOWN.
i got SOMEDAY : by justin bieber today at macy's......ot smells so
Happy Birthday
Whoso robbeth his father or his mother, and saith, It is no transgression; the same is the companion of a destroyer. (Proverbs 28:24)
appreciate the shout out :-)
Congratulations Toronto Pearson Intl Airport! You've won my contest for the most chaotic traveling experience ever.
Yeah Bro .
im not always there when you call, but im
getting a new one soon!!!!! I'm thinking 50mm f1/4?
Is Code Red still selling Rituals? I can't find it anywhere...
we gotta eat some corndogs in our costco socks asap grrrlll. im tryna make it to the eug for cinco de mayonnaise.
Notice me :(
Thanks for a great conversation about bullying prevention.
where I wanna be by donelle jones
": this bitch is cray! #crackinmeup" if you only knew!!!!
Middle finger 2 my past
I honestly thought yu were gonna tweet me. Shit I for too much on my brain at wrk to think about who to tweet. Lml
Recording new demos this week. Can't wait :)
Keep positive energy and hella smoke for em......
Alec Wilkinson's latest, The Ice Balloon: Both beautiful and exhausting, like, well, sledging across the Arctic wastes in 1897.
Funny to me how the same ppl that hate on u, 9 out of 10 of them can't wait to find a way to get in your shoes or hang out with u in the end
Aw that's cool you look mostly Mexican though my grandmother was black mexican and native Indian American on my dad s
I love him. He's a Dalaric shipper at heart. ;)
Very cool story on former Madison Memorial/Marquette star Wesley Matthews coming up on Monday. Will post the video link tomorrow
What a beautiful day! Trading in my office for a park bench for the afternoon I think.
Thanks for the follow, Liz!
Yep. Ever see Tim Conway's "old man"? That was me leaving the gym after a total lower-back takedown. Crawling was an option.
omgoodness, fashion show saturday =)
10 more days of high school left.
i wonder if she got that DM.
I'm stubborn, independent, and mouthy but I'm honest trustworthy and very witty!
You can't miss this!
And all of the languages I'm interested in right now would probably land me with fairly rubbish healthcare.
So... is leaving for Portland tomorrow to judge the US Barista Competition and attend SCAA conference.
ugh fine. I guess that's better than nothing (;
It's official........Jonathan Delman is a USC Trojan!
Getting Ready For School, Feeling Sleepy :/
I do broadly assume people that follow me know that, but the general #30Rock viewing public may not.
Would play my music louder, but my little sis is spending the night!
Just because we different doesn't mean we distant - Breezy
RT : Ibaka is being so disrespectful early
Arizona neo-Nazi gunman JT Ready and his clan of haters? Satan's got seats reserved for them all, and down there it's not a "dry" heat.
: why pick on the one player that has no chance to play?
Lots of local groups this morning - just saw Center Grove and Ben Davis; getting ready for Lawrence Central to take the field.
is hitting all the right buttons for me today. Now #SocialDistortion Story of my life?! One of my fav albums!
Lol, just a friendly PSA from & I!
Pedophiles ruin it for van drivers who really do just want to give out free candy.
Reworking my website and school program flyers--check out the LOVE! www.ILoveYouMoreBook.com
Congrats! I just saw GradFly won 3rd place at this weekend. Awesome!
here's a virtual "hug"
I'm trying to follow u but I can't :3
Fredrick will ask for a restraining order
hello hello!
i agree-boozer is a looser till otherwise
^_^)/ yay! It's still awesome knowing that you're going over there...in style, no less! You know I'm always rooting for ya! ;)
same here
Easily. Id rather hangout with Evan then bus with that psycho.
Chinese imports back to selling......
I never said "Rand Paul has Max's blood on his hands." I said he has the blood of recent victims,after stalled HR 1254
Been painting the house. 4 days without working out. TIME TO SWEAT!
People don't notice how much you love and care for them until you stop.
Remember when we were kid and had the tents and tunnels in our backyard?
ok really bad beer should be a sin
really? but I see you're following me
Yes I am the sh** Tell me do it stank #A$AP
I last saw you 2 play in 82. My 2 fav bands together again! I can't wait!!
that is hilarious and sad at the same time.
I don't recall Lebanon McD's being special; but at that point I was jonesing for some American-style food.
You break my heart every time we say goodnight...
At Luscious Dumplings, about to get my slurp on. It's been so long!
Happy Birthday Chris.....Twitter Is Jericho.....
Awesome Americana band playing old Hank 1 songs at Enid's garden!
oh awesome!!! And yeah I think!!!! I HOPE I REALLY REALLY WANT TO GO
Even though we haven't spoken in 2 months, I still miss him like crazy -_-
LAST Senate/Budget meeting today! SPECIAL Guest Speaker to give parting words. Great meeting. Be there. 4:30 in Shiley 301.
Anyone have headphones they wanna lend me?
I'm at Shamrock Marina
found out wat
i love you
and I love you !!(: We'll just start our own club !!
Why do people go to starbucks to do the same shyt they do on their computers at home? WTF
A good date ends with dinner. An excellent date ends with breakfast.
happy mothers day even tho ur not a mom yet! Lol :p
Tonight is the night
I'm just an everyday American supporting the city I love. Good to see you.
She's great!
I'm a #saturdaylibrarian today, too. Except for 8 hours. And I haven't started yet on the West Coast.
I've never seen an unattractive pedicab driver in this town (either gender) but the wonder woman costume is a nice touch.
&#9743; Sweet Deal Phone Voice Recorders Protect your Children
I'll make sure I'm there with Sneakers!
i got to talk to you about some one !!! :)
Man never made any material as resilient as the human spirit
20 year Tawny on #PortDay with Bananas Foster.
#SaySomething is amazing can u please follow me??!!! <3333
If you're complaining about gas in Jersey don't come to Florida. It just hit $4.10 #
We'd love to have you!
An excuse is worse and more terrible than a lie; for an excuse is a lie guarded. Alexander Pope
#DidChuKno that when you freeze water and after it de-frosts, it produces more water than before
M... The smell of mulch! Looks so much better; we welcome you, Spring!
your tweets are always on point !<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
I've been using Tweetbot on both for a while now.
Bitch I'm a bad boy you can't tame me !!
This is a little off for my tweets, but has anyone had Non-Hodgkins Lymphoma? I've had it twice & would like to hook with others who have.
you guys are going to get the ring man I promise
A soft nature of a person does not mean weakness. Remember nothing is soften than water but its force can break the strangest of rocks
The new #klout #firefox add-on is crashing my browser! I take back all the nice things I said about it earlier...
Former #Badger goalie Brian Elliott comes in for an injured Halak and shuts out the #Sharks. He's good, real good
q3 a good book? i agree with !
Happy Birthday Mommy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088>
The Trayvon murder shows the evil of us-them thinking. Please, I beg you, don't throw gasoline on the fire. Make the police do their job.
Going to see the New Jersey Devils tomorrow night after work
Pretty sure just requested a RESIDENT AWARD FOR BEST FIGHT OR BEST PROPOSED FIGHT from row in front of me. HE WINS BOTH.
Sounds fun
#ICantDateSomeoneThat can't eat an entire pizza
I've low tolerance for everything, including low tolerance.
you need to soon, he's getting big fast!
This injustice must be corrected immediately!
The good news? At least I don't have to live anywhere near Buffalo. Just like their fans.
That itch right in the MIDDLE of my back o_0!!!!!
And I'm getting hungry. How will I survive?
Ladies, close your legs to anti-choice men. (Sorry honey, this is for baby making only. Go talk to the hand. Your hand.)
Tell me you aren't trying this again? Tell me.
Dream. What are you doing with yours? Do something!!
How is it that instragr.am links became synonymous with "do not click"?
love the liberia shirt!!
Packing and doing a run through of outfits...turn on the MUSIC! Luckily I have a boyfriend who doesn't mind helping out!
sweet, maybe I'll go there one day :))
I don't understand. Are you saying that this spending in the face of other priorities is ok?
you have a great restaurant! My wife and I loved it, thanks!
Today must have been "Annual Stupid Commuter Day." Drivers, bikers, pedestrians all had death wishes.
My father is in the Hospital, on Thanksgiving
I just love how everyone is now wanting a twitter... I had mine for 3 years lololol.
Some guys just have their way with words"
I could use a little vitamin C in my life... The actual vitamin not the artist. However, I haven't heard that graduation song in a minute
Found out Chicken McBites are just smaller Chicken McNuggets. Are we as a nation so lazy we can't be bothered to bite a McNugget in half?
This is gonna be a good year!
Make sure your estate goes to your loved ones without family or court interference! Seminars on 2/23, 2/24 and 2/25. www.KH-LAW.net
Reading back over old tweets is depressing. It also makes me feel like a happiness-ruiner. And a bad person.
LOL. Ew. Someone texted my sister "Hey babe...milk bath again...hehe" SOMEONE'S A CREEPA.
When the right talks about "fat cats in Washington" don't they mean Romney?
Lamborghini mercy, your chick she so thirsty.
haha love me some digital wizardry...you better tell me if u see a fire boat!
Day of rest and relaxation, take a hour to check your credit score and review your finances.
America is a land where men govern, but women rule. ~ John Mason Brown
I just saw a commercial supporting reducing LEGAL #immigration- that's a first.
Finally picked the JoHen Milestone Years box, listening to "The Kicker" today, outstanding blowing by everyone including
Expect some cool things for July!
Easter candy was 75% off at Fred Meyers and we didn't buy any. #restraint. It was chocolate too. Darn.
Really hope gets that #BestNewArtist Grammy ain't no one on that nomination list that deserves it more in my opinion
Yoga and writing a feature film. Both things I don't know how to do but doing it anyway.
you can't miss what you never had
please check you DM! Thank you. Jose
#WhenISeeU I wanna punch you in the face!!
U ask about what I've done in life then afterward I'm now the cockiest guy in the school
i have to go. bye -briana
Going to take a nap by the pool. :)
1,2 bitch what it do.
those who practice goodness breed good nature.
I need to learn how to study
been trying to get a hold of you. Let's jam!
Who am i without Jesus?
. Hello. Are you involved in marketing? Where?
Drake! Damn sexy with his monkey ass
Irish writer Kevin Barry followed by pints of Guinness and table across from Graydon Carter at the Waverly Inn
Text me
listening to U on the radio...congrats on 1st album 2yrs ago!!
60 miles North of Seattle:-)
listening to 's album Speak. Still so good. I wish you would make more music!
Raise Your Glass its a NEW YEAR!!!LOL
Wait 'till I start posting pics of him in Bears gear! The suffering keeps a'comin!!!
it's my b day today. I would love a tweet from my favorite hwonyc:)
time for another crazy night!
Tuesday: We call "ALL" unsigned talent to the stage. Club Pyramid: 101 Ave. A. BTW 6&7 St. (Lower East Side, NYC). Sign up 8PM, 18+, $10-
Should probably get to bed now..Good night
My grandmas the cutest. I say luv u grandma and she says luv u too sweety. All my sweetys! :-))
$#it happens when good things are on the way !! I guess
The presidency is temporary – but the family is permanent
Aw pretty pretty
#ReasonsImADirectioner The Boys Are So Damn Hot..And Have Incredibly Sexy Voices
im just love you
I really do hate driving
"You're happiness upsets me." (in regards to bowling)
Calling Pompton Lakes and Hawthorne Boys Basketball tommorrow for MSG VARSITY!!!! Should be a battle baby!!!
Google ice cream sandwich software will be out at end of year. Yum.
*in my ed voice* yeah RT : Listening to this Mercy. Who ever created that beat is a genius.
Drawing generates ideas but sometimes it makes for uncertainty. Luckily the latter makes for good art.
and just stole the show at SNS with ... And it was the opening match!
Good morning =)
How did I get 80 followers, I haven't done much
They can brew their Wedding Beer here with us!
U know they will!
Who has a Madison Live feed to the Rotunda?
that sounds great!
Rondo with the chest-bump to the referee and the automatic ejection
thanks so much! We look forward to expanding to wherever we can improve life for members of the military!
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart......Helen Keller
Epilepsy Update underway. Dr. David Treiman from Barrow Neurological Institute speaking now on SUDEP
No thanks
RT : It's white people get drunk and eat burritos day.
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY! Im so proud of you!..
Writing to a track
New phone
#SMBAustin : Rule #1 I don't outsource my BS.
that is a very big issue!
Why did you two break up before?
Getting a major in drama will only give you cred to teach, it probably won't help to pull your career forward.
Cancer Fact of the Day: Most men with testicular cancer do not have a family history of the disease. Get checked.
#ItsAmazingHow someone can lie about you when everybody knows that person is lying.
Happy Valentines day everyone
"First career walk off hit for Alex Presley" is the single dumbest thing I've heard today. That was anything but a walk-off.
Words don't mean a thing, actions are everything. <U+2764>
Admit it when we were little, "I'm going to tell your mom!" was the scariest sentence ever. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A8>
Doesn't mention Obama veto threat? MT Ruppersberger on cybersecurity bill: Shows what can happen when Dems, GOP work together.
Maybe hot girls arent devoid of personalities, they're just cranky because all theyve eaten in months are three carrot sticks and a luna bar
Follow Lifer , Thanks for the support from So So Def !
no STEVE BLAKE, NO
thinks we have all been rodeo clowns, providing amusement for those watching while we work so hard at missing the point.
LOL “: Over there jammin lol I see ya girl”
@ my gram gram
:333 thank's
I have a +1 for the preview Frieze New York tomorrow. Anyone want to join me?!
Don't settle for less if you know you deserve better.
Best of luck,
I hate to admit it, but it is really QUITE nice up here in the Dornsife Crisis Room
go to very back parking lot in the very back corner
I'm tired of the post-racial/Colorblind Jedi Mind Tricks....Now that's crazy.
hm...gummi worms and Big Red for sure ;)
I HATE HEARING MY SPEAKING VOICE BACK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I'll gouge my eyes out. lol.
Watching Breeders' Cup races
On the work travel docket for 2012: Denver, Vegas, and NOLA. So psyched!
Okay, library world: who is getting excited about ALMA?
This feeling <
I'm to blessed
tacobell for dinner.
Our thoughts and prayers are with the Wheldon family during this difficult time.
I Love Tittes Man
Moral of the Back to the Future movies: it's cool to eff with the space-time continuum; everything works out for the best.
#Boehner clapped on Israel
Thanks! We love our furry little friends!
“: i don't remember ever NOT being skinny lmao” ugh youre beyond lucky
which song?? :D
Well you tell him to bring me some of that food when he comes back to my house
What a Epic story for my Grandkids if I live see and met them! How Granny almost died taking a shower, and how nobody knew the # to 911
I'm seeing neg ideas about SMEs that we might need to reconsider.
d MoneyMakinMatt what up Matt its Phillip man are you accepting submissions for beats?
Just kidding! Its FUCKING ADVENTURE TIME!!!!!
When your working and someone shits on the floor..
Hootsuite. I have to get out of my 'tweet for work' mode in into my 'personal tweet' groove. :)
big day in baseball i am watching a lot of it
A little bit of jealousy in relationships is good. Its nice to know that someone is afraid of losing you:)
Can u speak english when I tweet u?
Trying not to get infuriated right now. Must keep calm!!!
#Insidious, from #hauntedhouse -> to ghost-busters/hunters/adventures -> to #poltergeist but on the side with Carol-Ann = good scary fun!
I'll see you there. The show is amazing - caught it in Santa Monica
Was your capper telling you to bet on a dog in Ukraine Soccer today?I think not,winning starts soon in Soccer..
The girl I marry has to know how to sing. I've always wanted to do a duet w/my future wife and write songs together. :-)
I better hear a banger in a minute
The people I work with convinced me to go for drinks after work..Sealed the deal with "C'mon it'll be fun!" The people I work with are liars
do Olympic curlers have a coach??
Almost time to meet the money in a few hours.
Great game. O's still in first
But.. I don't want to go to work..
lol I kno Simms told me I put them perks down not when I get back tho lol
I must be a fool to miss something I never had
Video landing pages generate 5x higher engagement and response rates than pages without video.
Why are all the BlackHakws fans I'm following now chearing for the kings...just because the season is over dosent mean you can switch teams
- thanks for your follow and your good work. Be well. Marc
With some planning and changes in driving patterns you can actually reduce your toll bills by 30% or more. I'm over 50%!
Follow she got the best weave in Chicago on sale!
when are you coming out w the cool ranch shell or 3D chalupa?
My favorite bible verse is Romans 3:23-26
oh man you are damn right it is! its my fav so good ill make one for you next time i see you lol <3
Good luck! ur gonna do great!!!
You don't know my life so don't judge me :p
Gotta love (Re)Acts... RT I have something so incredibly out there and cool in progress for the next (Re)Acts...
Kudos to NYS DOT crews sweeping clean I-490. Eastbound from westside is spotless. Makes you feel good driving into the city.
I'm here...I'm here. Was having a great time with my new bf but we had a huge fight over my ex and now I'm sad. How are you?
Is the Lincoln-Reagan Dinner starting at 7PM ? I thought it was at 6PM.
hey biotch, spambot, you're #BLOCKED!
Why do I feel like you're teasing me?
"I have unfinished business to complete at Oregon" -CK
omg hey dominic!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Q8. My weirdest travel destination/experience wish is...
woah make the ground move that's an
What is wrong with Engo? I've been MIA this week...
With the 235th pick in the FSWA #FantasyBaseball Experts Draft I went with : Matt Capps
Were you picked on a lot when you were little? You little fat hobbitt. Next auction buy some stilts fatboy.
": i'm just hungry"pharrell voice" ME 2
Need Rocky (as in & Bullwinkle) costume, suggestions aviator hat and goggles?
lorne is such a light-skinned!! ugh lol
it always does amaze me how uncommon common sense is! Xo J
It's never too late to start!
The Shave barbershop Call Now To Look fresh N Clean Call 786.683.6089 Thank you !
Well I guess we'll have to settle this conference kerfluffle in my preferred manner: fisticuffs.
If God is watching us, the least we can do is be entertaining.
Bout To Shower, Then Hit The Sack , Work In The A.M , Night ! :)
I've got a headache just thinking about it.
we can get over it, seemly its nothing more than poetry
Ambitious of success
while I'm talkin about how bad this Tiramisu is I done ate half of this sh*t... smh...it'll b gone by tmrw
RT : RT : Fuck the past... Make love to the future!
Dear mummy, let my love take you higher :)
Mahomies Love Mama Mahone <3 She's always supported Austin and made him the wonderful guy he is today <3
Definitely the weather!
Trust is huge factor for success of your startup- trust the folks involved and trust the 'new waves'
You're way too kind to IE.
Long hair don't care. I'm letting my mane grow!! Wahhooo!!
the King's Speech is an amazing film, and if you have any sense you will go see it. GO. GO NOW.
i said i was gone rip that bill gates
thnx & np! I just learned about the org from a friend & knew the least I could do was share my story.
I think im walking too fast
Hey long time, no see. Just wanted to say hi :) so how's it going?
that's cool
I am always confused when companies/employees make it difficult for you to spend money.
When a goal matters enough to a person, that person will find a way to accomplish what at first seemed impossible. - Nido Qubein
Follow my tweets...you'll find it here ;)
I fly home May 20th!
Very happy with the Pacers pick. They still have lots of $$ eager to see who they get next.
Will do!
My Life can be summed up in two words .......FUCC IT!
Miss Caton is my name, running in heels to catch the smith warehouse bus is my game! Training paid off today.
good compromise!
Also, old school approval processes create a shutdown in the information pipeline. Must extend trust with SM.
What a joke! I've gotta say I'm disappointed in the justice system right now! Conrad Murray should be sitting in a jail cell!
6:45 is when we're live! NBC 4, beer news, industry highlights and of course Beer-Con!
A couple music meetings today and the filming for my music video is almost DONE!!!!
That... Was julie
Oh my god my mom is over here playing the same sound effect on her phone irritating the hell outta me. She's worse than a 2 year old! -__-
First snow of the year came a little soon...but I love it.
I find the best time to think of all my masturbation jokes is when I'm on stage. The worst time? At my high school reunion.
Also congrats to on his sick 3rd place finish for over 34k
#Lifeclasses. TD Jakes is awesome. Such wisdom. What a fabulous preacher
My boss bought me Il Vicino for lunch today! yum
new avi with my brothers and
Things are more like today than they have ever been before.
Dimkin a beer at mark Strauss watching the Lakers
I'll always be here for you. Til the very end
IT GOING DOWN AT LIV TONIGHT
tell me youve got a finger up someone booty. And you r eating slushies.
No secret, the whales like it! LOL! Understanding relationship between product and those who use it is essential. Learning.
I'm seriously tempted to just write off the Bengals this year. The frustration is officially too much. UGH.
Never let other peoples opinions effect your decisions! #DoYou! Always!
I don't have nothing to regret at all in the past, except that I might've unintentionally hurt somebody else or something. - Jimi Hendrix
im wit it, but can it be later on cause im about to go play ultimate Frisbee
all of our readings about curry <3 my fav was the Julia ;)
you ok?
are you from Houston? My lady lives in Houston but she is actually born & raised in Western PA. She attended grad school at TSU
Yo where the barbecues at this weekend nothing but pool party responses .....le"go
Web Design Company India, Profit By Outsourcing, Announces Ecommerce Recruitment Process Outsourcing Services
Pop Punk (Until the Day I Die).
“Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind.” -Dr. Seuss
says is appealing to people's emotions to drive brand trust & purchase behavior, instead of just stating facts.
Beautiful weather! Grilling time after work with Grill Master J . I hope it stays this nice out for the weekend :)
Good luck! Wish I was there with you guys!
btw I flipping love pronouns! haha
please follow me Megan. U sing amazing. :)
Bring your bike to #WDYR pre-ride party on Saturday, our mechanics will be airing up tires, adjusting seats and lubing chains.
And baptized her little sister Rebecca today!
So they say "Real Recognize Real" Is that still Real<<<<<<
Never leave your key of happiness in someone else's pocket don't wait on someone else to build your dream life for you,the key will be lost.
Thank you, you too!
thanks - sounds like a good place, back in New York now, maybe next time I will check it out!
hey bitch, yeah you. I found your nose. It was in my business again.
Half priced pizza and Monday Night Football at ! Can't get much better!
Bon Iver has the #2 album on the Billboard 200? Outsells Gaga and Eminem. Unexpected to say the least.
Oh no! One of my friends is allergic to all fruits with the exception of strawberries.
We'd like to thank Dan Malsch, Dave and KC Escalet, Alec Henninger, & Mikey Kesselring for all your hard work and dedication to the project.
I always feel honored when people tell me I'm in their dreams.
So proud of my prodigy Just scored a big interview with AD Darryl Sims at Midnight Breakfast!
lolol that's okay... How about 7 at my school on Monday for the band concert... I'm not in it but it's happening!
God made the world round so we would never be able to see too far down the road
Hand me my thinking grenades.
It's u it's u it's all for you!
thanks for the RTs! Very much appreciated!
Dude from Iowa State. , is gonna be a mauler inside!
lol I really wanna see them in concert
Happy Easter!
Could someone PLEASE mow inner circle of grass next to walking/biking path @ Lake Montebello? Abt 3 wks past due, lots of trash.
Come join all the sexxy divas tonight
WIN FREE PIZZA WEEKLY! Text FacebookPJ to 90210. Normal messaging rates apply.
Back on Empire Avenue, come invest? (e)602KID Enjoy the weekend!
It's a good idea to limit baby's exposure to people who are sick for first few months, and have all visitors wash hands before holding baby.
I wanna change mine too...
is it raining in London? Just in Seattle, rained every day. Shooting in L.A. next week, so thankful.
RT : Breaking: Protests have erupted in #Tehran, let us see the role of social networking this time around.
Smiling doesn't mean that 'Im happy. Laughing doesnt mean I don't cry. & loving you doesn't mean I'll wait for you for the rest of my life.
I need a new phone
Has anyone been to a Spring Training game yet? Tell us how it was!
I can help you out with those if you'd like. I'll cover S&H! :-) Har har.
Long IA conversation with librarian colleague reminds me that I have a limping, half-designed Drupal website just waiting for my attention..
Tag yours or your friend's band on this status so we can check you out!
oh wow. It always cold here. Winters are the worst here
Discussing order of preference of original Starburst flavors with Mine: pink, orange, red, yellow. What's yours?
Mysteries of NYC #2306: Who buys all those flowers at UWS and UES bodegas?
Happy Mothers Day
Okay you give wade that exact same call.. but not jones...
“: So, I tell you, whatever you ask for in prayer, believe, that you have received it, & it will be yours. -Mark 11:24”
I think you're underestimating your own level of gate-keeping.
I love my Grandma <3
hope ur having fun
Life Time Athletic Club if you want to look into it, it's ~$100/month but it's an $8M facility and looks every bit of it
Whats difference between me and you.? Is that I'm a real kind show, this rap shit Id really do it..
Anyone else having trouble tearing themselves away from TLC's Cake Boss Marathon? I really need to go for a walk...
"Serving visitors' needs is more powerful marketing than any billboard or ad" So true
Cali is being called the next Gold Rush for Utility Savings 4 Electric. Get involved in a company that pays the most! Call 1-646-397-9817
same here, might be closer to 130... am going to try to get the webcam working here!
A guy that takes longer then me to get ready <<< damn
why wouldn't you?
Mary, when i first saw the article, i thought it said Phil Spector wrote it.
good perspective. Thanks.
Are you at the Center for Jewish History? Because a) I work there and b) I'll be there today!
So exciting! I know who my fav is! <3
Why do some companies like Taco Bell get to use plastic bags when Fred Meyer has switched to paper?
ok the Ronald Mcdonald clown always scares me but i believe McDonalds should keep him
RT : Chris Owusu looked good today at #49ers minicamp. He was ready for the up-tempo Harbaugh practice.
Revising on wine might be a strategy that makes the problem more visible and therefore solvable in the morning.
I love Thunder storms !
But of course! Cinco de Derby is tomorrow after all!
I go from : ( to : ) when I talk to you. I thank God everyday!
Nothing worse than a cold Starbucks! We go there to keep warm.
I'm at the #cbjDraftLotteryTweetUp and can't decide what to eat
Homemade zipline + #Georgia = Nothing good
No friends at work :( come here!!
Dean of KU Libraries talking about new Digital Scholarship centers and librarians at KU
Why would you freeze a margarita? Are you saving it for later?
Since I'll be living on the street and no job. Hope and Change didn't work! And I didn't even vote for the bastard!!!
The "real men" meme is garbage overall and usually supports horrible gender concepts. I shut off as soon as I hear it.
At Trish fam house...why are we still here?
i went back to the wishlist, laid it out different & cut 2 systems... I'm not going to be as happy, but it should work.
If death had a taste, it'd taste like black licorice.
Brooklyn Decker Sounds Like a Double Cheeseburger in New York
All the time!
When you're starting a business, you need to become an expert on your industry, products and services!
Thanks! Small hiatus but we are back. Lot's of more photos to come :)
So fricking impatient.. Need to leave in 60 seconds and it's still on 99%..
yes, it works! I used to do it before work hours got crazy. I'll do again in June. I can bring you DVDs if u want to try :)
Bucs lose 2 of 3 games to Cards, get outscored 18-9 & outhomered 6-0 over the weekend but remain percentage points ahead in 1st place! Wow!
"Heat vs OKC" Heat Wins in 6. Not really what I want, but it's how I see it.
GOODMORNING :) RT man i was still hitting that same number joey....smh!
men with guns"; and about how the dad/husband in [SAFE] is played by xander berkeley, who had been known mostly for that kind of
You claim you're straight but yet I see gay stuff all over your social sites.
come on #mubb!! #IBelieveThatWeWillWin help me keep believing!!
What? Explain.
FORCING myself to call it an early night and get to bed before 4am like last night/this morning. UGH! Sleep Jane...SLEEP!
OMG¡ Will he make a song with selena?
he asked how U were doing! Asia always Ccing me on tweets. Hi Trey.
If there was a day for everything you have given to me as a mother, it would be a Mothers Day every day.
NFL Draft in 31 days! >check inbox for info on main hall stand-up opportunity. Hope you guys can make it!
Only 1 hour until the West Campus is a buzz with Day of Service activities! Are you excited yet, because I am very excited!
how was the show?
If your reading this go follow
sup cunts hit me up
Sick shot by Durantula
Tonight! Take a time out with , & ! 10:30pm for FREE at !!!!!
I'm going to curl my hair and grown my noes to become a jew
You love me, and i wouldnt have it any other way
Bout to hit 2012 in the face... Aint gonna know what hit em
thnx chinkarino i actually look good in a pic for once
One 10-hour drive, one 3-hour plane ride and two 2-hour bus rides later, we made it to the wet bar and hammocks of La Fortuna, Costa Rica.
her n dj had a late night. They decided to start her bday early lol
A gorilla's penis is a mere two inches long. Sucks to be Mrs. Gorilla!
there's been so much shit on my mind lately
NBA: King of the Court nominated for 2012 Webbie award for Best Sports App & Official Honoree for Best Use of GPS or Location Technology
I wish it was publicly acceptable to just not wear clothes
Because I love you so so so so much I'll make a video only for you Guys !!! Tell me if someone wants to be a part of this video ?
This is the longest day ever.
Yes about both<U+E40D>
Tomorrow has got to be better. Tomorrow will be so much better.
jammin out to drake's...november 18th......smokin a fat blunt.....
"Trust requires unanswered questions." -Joyce Meyer
Be quick, but don't hurry
New theme!
It's all kids, all morning tomorrow at the FFL! First Steps at 930, Kiddie Cafe at 10 and Terrific 2's and 3's at 1030! See you there!
I think it's an Orca Soundings book! Can't recall title!
you know I don't do that
So.....what's the verdict? Did it do justice to the book?
Georgetown is a sleepy giant this week. So evident the energy comes from the students. When they cram. Things are quieter.
RT : Reds' 3rd place finish in NL Central extended their streak of not finishing last to 28 years, MLB's longest active run.
Thank you players for naming your corporations crazy things, it makes afternoons full of contract writing interesting
M ur so sexy
You Gotta Change The Way You Think To Change The Way You Live tho...
derp! I love them :')
What's wrong with your hair, I'm sorry your not "bad" you just look bad-_-
Been Watching "Snapped" for the last couple of hours lol but I love these documentaries:)
I miss the Michael Scott comedy humor from The Office. He always makes me smile.
Just remember who was by your side when everyine else left.
#joelOsteen on #PiersMorgan stated that he's against #abortion due to the sanctity of life & yet is pro #capitalpunishment. Contradiction?
Tomorrow we welcome a new incoming class of students, aka our 2015 alums! GET READY BALTIMORE!
they were talking about something and they said your twitter name <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Cough drops are so disgusting!
*potential* for a life altering decision. :)
yeah, but you get to add "make awesome music" under the "things I'm good at" column. Balances the score a bit.
I know right!! Gotta change that
I said it before and I'll say it again: sluts just heal quicker.
i see you too
Thanks to all the #ASTD2012 attendees and clients that came to visit the booth!
The Elementary SUN basketball league is kicking off their season as we speak! 1st up Vernon vs Ockley Green in the SEI gym. Woot!
It's funny cuz it's true! RT The Internet: Enabling hypochondriacs since 1995.
David just relayed all that to me on the phone. The Bross' are like family to us! Small world indeed. So fun to "know" you.
Come and get a pound of our fresh shrimp ceviche!!! and don't forget to get a bag of our tortilla chips!! Yum!
Win #Endurocross tickets from Champion KTM for May 4th event at the Orleans Hotel! Drawing May 4 @ 5:00 PM. #Text KTM to 90210
hey babe... u get the new artwork for the show...?
we need to plan a spa weekend somewhere fabulous this August to celebrate our 2 yr anniversary. Tahoe in honor of ?
life of the 1-person-business: I've been painting vintage baseball cards, called tobacco cards, onto a new baseball design for like 96 hrs!
10. my house
is always pushin' for us.. thanks darling <3
i can't eat raisins. I fear they will sing and dance in my stomach.
Oh! didn't see that coming
me too
Almost done with the first real agenda item of the meeting.
Just let her talk shit all she wants. Theres no way she'll get between you&hunter. It makes her look stupid.
Everyone follow RIGHT NOW
I love people who tell a long story and then end it with, "So, long story short..."
And I just wish I could graduate! Also, as a journalist, you are obligated to print any story I pitch to you. FYI
We are looking forward to seeing Barabara and Vikki at this week's MegaCamp for KW Commercial, and showing their App and Website!
heheh! I love you! Closet cleaning date ASAP!
Thank you for the RT and all the support!!
my fave app is make a zombie. :)
today i think im going out y manana i want to try something lol
We suggest you hit up for access to Rain, Moon, Ghostbar and Playboy Nightclubs....great for your bachelor!
Good morning (:
Best day EVER!!!!
Wow, yer a real fan! Never, ever understood why they moved inside, thus negating the greatest homefield advantage in the game.
I should do my hair now because i will not have the time to do it tomorrow
HEY....You.....I'm talking about you.....Are you a Facebook fan of Pros and Cons yet???
Oct. 27 @ 702 Fearless Fearless, Save The Hero, Almost Normal, Fear The Brave, Amoride, $10
I Cried When I ran away and forgot my things...
it's actually tomorrow :)<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><U+270C><U+2764>
instead you get to hang out with me!
i know where u live
Used in retail, why so appalling in pro sports? RT : Really? Blazers making prospective general managers take a psychological test
I see that is pouring Ravines wines Monday night! Had my first bottle thanks to you.
So, is anyone looking for a roommate?
Why is it the PROLIFE crowd has so much crossover with the PRODEATH crowd? If God gives life, we do well to honor it always
I'm going to need McCarthy to leave an open red sharpie in the back of his hat all season ;-)
My bday getting ready to end in 4hrs
Ok, goodnight!
Get well soon, kid!
If you haven't watched #101things yet, you're really missing out(;
Thank you for the tweet. Honestly, this is a great opportunity for students. Under Armour treats interns very well.
Off this shit now Miami I'm no cruise person so glad I can finally fucking curse
“: Oh MadMen #sogood” Pete Campbell?
Slovakia country profile
that's niggas like fuck with you the Queen Bee, you always speak the truth out your mouth and bust these bitches down!! Lol love U
#Truth “: Season Tix start at $125. Others at $160, $175, $250, and $320 based on location. Best deal in life.”
#TeamKris or #TeamBrian? Pick your side www.FreeSweat.com
Me an enjoyed entertaining all of you tonight but we were joking ;) She knows I'm a pompous self absorbed bitch and she loves it:P
It looks fun! I saw it at CicLAvia too.
Is that playing Kim Jong Un on #30Rock? That's freakin' awesome.
Twitter I've missed you! New job--CAN'T use social media. Gutted.
hell's ya! Got a 90 on my math test! Woo hoo!xD
Researchers propose giving out statins with fast food to combat the cholesterol...what about all the other health issues?...
Interesting comic. I like the art :3.
thanks! - they LOVE the snow.
My Fone About To Die :(
Finished. Doing the final things such as book cover. It should be published in the next few months. Had some setbacks...
"if this store were a restaurant, it would be a fine dining restaurant"
I just played Remember The Time by Michael Jackson on a TouchTunes digital jukebox.
We can forward that report to Neighborhhod Services if you provide the location of the signs. Address or intersection please.
Twerk fest ..its going down MAY 21 DONT MISS IT .
Pool with and two honeydipps, pretty chill
69$ Divorce Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce, Child Support (813) 352 3275 Clearwater. Friday Special. Call NOW
I wouldn't have liked interpreting them. I once interpreted for Schwarzenegger, who spoke that fast at a conference. I got thru it.
"And the Wild Things roared their terrible roars..." RIP Maurice Sendak :(
The most dangerous thing a soldier in Afgh can hear is "You're going home... to Chicago"": Murder Capital #JusticeforChicago"
Did you tweet me and then delete it? That is classic Tammy.
4y.o. museum veteran explaining to grandma what touch/no touch signs mean. And "oh, let's do this first, you'll love it" = wonderful.
What did reporter say #Tiger had in his neck? WWW.ussportspages.com
Thanks for the #FF mention today with such awesome #Jax folks. Honored.
SO excited for my new job I can't wait!!
am not lol :)
It's so childish to create drama on twitter especially when your not going to confront then in person"he broke your heart"<U+E023>newsflash your 15
practice generative listening - discovering what we know, sharing, and opening to possibilities - to be vulnerable a bit
Any chance Caesar will be in a good mood 2 nights in a row
well of course. How long have LAL been in the league? Only 1 team has more. Nothing to do with the present or future
whoops! try it now :)
Follow The Wanted my fav band! check em out <333
Also interesting/disappointing that judge doesn't weigh purpose of copyright at all in individual determinations. Wd strongly favor
I feel such disconnect from the things that used to matter-My art fills the empty space on my walls but cant fill the emptiness in my heart
Thanks...One Love!
My dog brings out a very weird side of me.
nawh nigga, you got thefancy and shit. foh sean garret with that fat ass nose.
Tf that suppose ta mean , thas ugly Bitch . I ain't no hater ugh
Filmmaking has to be about the dramaturgy. RT
Who wants to join the Bobby Petrino motorcycle club?
Does the GOP want to defund the Special Olympics?
making petco look small
New Mixtape: Lil ' B 'The Silent President ' Lil ' B is back and he 's giving us another new mixtape .
In. All in.
If I lived 5 blocks from Oram's, I would have exploded years ago.
the Eels - Hombre Lobos, my latest awesome find.
pedicures with mom for mothers day (:
i almost bought about 10 of them today... but stuck with just the salad. maybe one or 2 tomorrow. :)
haha I never burn cupcakes and THEY'RE PURPLE :D
Thank GOD that was a dream. Every woken up like that? I just did.
Shout out video?????? <3 WAAAAANAAAAA BE IN IT <3?
no, cavemen didn't follow daylight savings time. #paleo :-) :-)
Wishing a great opening in Houston tonight!
Peggy's art director was totally at sleep no more when I went. Actually cute in person.
I certainly will!
lol I do to that's the only part I do great lol
Listen at 730. Caller 12. RT : when ru u givn them out on air and wht time u have to b in the club or...
I'm going to punch
I feel good that's the important part.
The writing is going well. 6 short stories selected for pub in 2011. Looking forward to an even better 2012. How about you?
Rain, Rain, Beautiful rain!
We agree- putting it lightly, yes. We tell she's like a bourbon.... taste grows on you after its been around awhile.
I might get my stuff back thanks to a good neighbor. I'm a tad less cynical because of that. All the same,
Hey happy birthday Ban-Joey! I'm picking one for ya this morning!
Thanks for coming out to the event! Glad you had a good time.
I should have known! :) Any day works for me. Pick and I'll put you on my schedule.
A little Skrillix in the mix now!!! would be in heaven!!
Miss the GANG..:) I'll be back soon... Ready to roll.
Definitely don't remember taking that picture last night.
Thanks for following, i followed back! Muah
Pan Seared Bass: on a corn and onion arepa with tomato onion sauce and herb oil
who has facebook?
hey Montana :) is it ok if u can follow me?
a quote by "is there any wood in this car"
"Way" or "weigh," boy genii?
Halloween Pub Crawl, this Saturday! Don't miss our 4th stop ! www.calpubcrawl.com
LOL JK if they give me the work its their responsibility to grade it.
Had a great second day at the ! Meet fellow brit !
What? When have I been violent???? “: Probably will pinch and punch me - she's violent!”
Still at work. I better get paid for this.
Good morning!!!!
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Butler GUM Dental Pics and most oral care products.
s/o to new followers :D
So close to being done with my giant PR plan. #xmasvacation is right around the corner
Nice strong offensive move by Thompson. His growth on O has been a fun thing to watch this season.
that's who i am right now!
What's wrong with Person of Interest? I love that show.
I tweet what the FUCK I want...#NoFilter homie!
Paiche Amazone with Ramps and Fiddlehead Fern risotto welcoming Spring!
Once we establish a house of order guided by the teachings of Jesus Christ, we must take that standard of living with us where ever we go
3 years later.... RT : President Obama opens by blaming deficit woes on George W. Bush's Administration
The risk for heart attack is higher on mondays
kinda true.
Good ol Golden Nugget...love the new renovations!
ep!Ur welcome X) tht song is everything I felt but in a song! I love it!U guys shud come to bakersfield! Tht wud be awesome!
watching true jacksonVP
I hope everyone has a wonderful day, <3
If at first you don't succeed, skydiving is not for you!
Music is what feelings sound like.
Need 3 ppl who want to earn $100 today. Must have 1-2 hours set aside to complete the work. Computer with internet connection needed.
#HappyMothersDay <3333 :) LOVE YOU MOM. You're the best!! :D
I love the beach!! :) *giggles*
forecast is for lots of traffic and asshole drivers today
Went to Banjo practice! Great music, people, fun!
Thanks for the plug. I was wondering about all my new followers. So far Twitter is great!
Gay Romney spokesman quits over &quot;hyper-partisan discussion of ...
Happy Monday all
What is your favorite food?
Patron wanted to know where the photocopier is.
Can you imagine what Sarah Palin would have done in 08 with a story about how Obama bullied a classmate?
What happened to gnocchi thursday?
We agree - love South Lake Union!
Hoping new text arranging option is precursor to widespread Internet of Things; would like a "Commit Order" button for household clutter.
Cutting pell grants is just another way to keep the poor; poor and uneducated
Hey ! it was nice seeing you to , I hope all is well
Stayed up for the djokovic - nadal match.
Healing virtue flows from your sacred wounds again.
Mann I need new followers sap
Happy Friday to my 2 fav anchors & ! You guys rock.
or that the good days sent out this flawed messages or false standard of expectations
I'm hungry but if I eat now come 4 hours from now I'll be hungrier then ever homeless person on earth ...
that's weird...
Stuffing my face with Indian food. So good.
Thank you luv but she has served her tyme now don't u think? o.O she can get off early on gud behavior ;)
No More Prom. ! Family Firstt !
nothing. Hows school going?
RT: #iranelection #gr88 [TEHRAN PROTEST CONFIRMED]this Sat June 20 4:00 PM Enghelab Sq. Tehran Iran Please Share any which way you can
Excited to be part of Chili Cook-Off! Competing with and others. New recipe, hoping it's yummy!
It would seem that every school in that league now has an easy way to beat Mesa Prep. No muss, no fuss.
happy new year:)
Cards on the bubble ? Should be, name their best wins. Soft non conf schedule, only beat losers in conference?
My aunt remembers each person's favorite. Mine? The homemade Italian sodas she used to make me as a kid.
am weirded out by the white upper class type people "dancing" at alterra to lcd soundsystem and the talking heads.
sorry I thought you meant at the stadium.
Goals: ideally are high enough to inspire, low enough to encourage & meaningful enough to keep you going
Being a Mahomie isn't a choice, It's a lifestyle. :D
thanks for the win! Best friday ever!
<U+269B> If I could tell my story in words... I wouldn't need to lug around this Camera <U+269B>
that's what I heard! Are you at the game?
I wanna see my broski :DD
I can already tell tonight's gunna be one of those nights where I stay up late cause my mind won't stfu
How far north of the city? Any specific neighborhood?
I feel like it's not a place to go alone, but is it lame to say "PLEASE accompany me to the house of waffles"??
Ooh, I didn't even think about that!
its said I have the craziest shoegame EVer....
": that's funny. Sorry for bring #2 in one of those categories. We suck." I blame kelly
Sorry for all the tweets this afternoon! I'm on a mission to get 50 more tutors this month for my #MLK Challenge!
Tickets to see with my boyfriend tonight!!!! Ah I am SO excited!!
Ask me questions guys go ahead ask me questions I am so bored!!!!!! So tweet me ask me questions ect. Go!!!
Which light is potentially more damaging to texiles -- winter or summer? Conservator Nancie Ravenel elucidates on the SM blog....
no plans at the moment :( he's in Cali until August -- then Australia. He really should come do a boot camp up North, eh?
I've put my trust in you. Pushed as far as I can go. There's only one thing you should know I tried so hard and got so far
Lost your home in the Central Texas #Wildfires or know someone who did? Let us help, receive 50% OFF License Fees. www.danze-davis.com
Just added 's panel to my #sxsw schedule.
thanks for following. :)
The awkward moment when the guy on the video ur watching says fuck, your mom hears, and then she says shame on you but you cant help but ...
Anybody watching Wheel of Fortune? Tell me that guy in the middle doesn't look like Napoleon Dynamite.
Humidity killed the cat
Want to support the local music scene in style? Catch the beautiful indie folk harmonies of Dusty Sunshine at the M tomorrow at 8 or 10 pm.
; road to Oklahoma in the morning. (:
hey there are some real assholes out there everyone! Stay cautious.
Having no homework is honestly the best feeling in the world.
if i make it early enough, I'll stop by BK for coffee.
RT : Federal bill would prevent Milwaukee Soldiers Home campus development (4:44 p.m. 7/10/09): The U.S. House of Rep.. htt ...
Haha, I don't know. It's weird to hear compliments about it I guess. Whenever people say they like a song it makes me happy :)
I saw that. She don't want no sauce.
loved my bear hug ! <3
Stupid Haters I Swear ! -____- Why Talking About he's Making More Money While You Keep Hating ! Go On&&Hate ! :)
You are so awesome! :) pretty and classy
I feel like #nussie I'm to real not to like
Stock market down again on European worries. Is that really news after a year?
"Okuyamba" screens at IU South Bend tonight. Great short documentary about palliative care in Uganda
THEY GONNA PERFORM GTB AND MRS. RIGHT!
Pretty good Saturday, world! It's 1 pm here and I'm still in my bed))). How is your Saturday going?
Rage tonight? I think yes.
Thanks! Just suffering from Tweeter's block lately.
No, but I will check it out!
i keep it
nope, im at home but im about to go pick up my prom dress
Yeah we came in #4. I can remember when anything but #1 was considered shamefull.
Can I just say I am so happy Mondo won? He is one of the most talented designers I've seen.
I would love to tweet right now but I'm too busy screaming watching #Final Four championship game! Kentucky is just too strong.
you're welcome! We had a great time!
come on in for a fresh strawberry lemonade.
#Criticalmass in #Cleveland Ohio USA stands in solidarity with you and hopes that justice is served.
Its Time for the DBACKS to Go back to work Today
If I want mind control over him. Is that too much to ask?
So Erin and I got our first hate massage on our 1D blog. Turns out or hater is an AC fan. Clearly I'm going to have fun with this
What ever happened to K.P. Envyi?
The steel is so cold
Just asked my 5 year old what movie she wanted to watch, and she thought for a second, and said "NCIS" ... I love my kid!
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great. John D. Rockefeller
#eduiconf meetup at Gibson's Grill starting now. Come on down!
Be careful to live your own life. The time you spend following someone else you're missing out on your own.
Thanks for the follow. Heard you connected with Mr. Tidwell today. Glad you two could talk!
Always forgive your enemies. Nothing annoys them so much.
Transformer 3 time
So, I'm definitely not complaining, but can someone explain the shirt stripping tradition in soccer?
Listening to 1D :)
Money Can't Buy you Class but it also can't buy you love.
Damn it Mr. Dennis, you just lost cool points
hahaha i love living in Pittsburgh, cus the Steelers are in the superbowl we already have a 2 hour delay on monday :P
way to go get at it! ;)
Steel Cur Oatmeal. Takes about 1/2 an hour on the stove but worth it!
It was a good night. A really really good night. What else is there to say, really?
in case you ever need it mine is the same as my skype/twitter id :-)
Want a new color to incorporate into your summer wardrobe? How about zesty orange! Check it out tomorrow on
your honestly really handsome for only being 14 ((:
hello stranger
- Hey! small world. You should tell her to stop by on the 18th. I'd love to meet her. I do like all things Terrell.
jealous! Have a fun weekend :)
Now in the workshop "Pulling teeth - the challenge of improving participant outcomes"
Looking forward to the 2012 AVN awards in Las Vegas!
#HappyBirthday #DukeEllington Born April 29, 1899. His 50+ year career performing #American #Music inspired musicians of all genres.
Featured vocalist , Stephanie Ferret. Also Streamed Live :00pm(pst) on www.ustream.tv/summersizzleseries
here outside to pick up my mom from work are you going swimming!! :)
I wrote your name in the sky, but the wind blew it away
I have been snowed in today in the Shenandoah Valley and have been working on this wedding site all day I run www.Shenandoahweddings.org
not shit cooling
Great time with #libshow peeps and got a cool hoodie too! Go go GSO!!
Dear Comrade, our operatives have been "following" you all along, and we haven't been too happy with your recent actions.
Nice quote any fool with a dick can get make a baby but only a real can raise his children -Boyz in the hood
looks good Baron. Have a great day :)
playing standstill holiday traffic games w myself.. im a good opponent if i do say so ...myself...mahhhh!
So - you guys remember that WebCamWindow 2.0 thing we talked about? Yeah, it's freakin' huge! And awesome. What's in it? Lotsa' code!
Glad you back home.....how are you
#quoteoftheday "Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm."
Para acabarla de chingar the cat is stuck up on the tree
Final day for Blue Chip Award applications. Good luck to everyone who has applied so far!
when I am 18 I can fight UFC but it is long way away bo
I'm making a nakashi instrumental track using the shamisen MIDI sound in #Ableton Live + vinyl distortion + lots of other delicious effects.
#LouisAndHarryFollowLarrysChild Here's your baby :D
oh no! I'm sorry. That is the worst. I will absolutely be sure to relay the message. Please come in for a refund.
But forreal though....there's this guy, he keeps me smiling : ) <3
im movin on without u !!!!! you just never could appreciate my worth . but you know the old saying U DONT KNOW WHAT U GOT TILL ITS GONE
Where are you headed?
we live like a house away from eachother -_- lol
Thank you, much appreciated!
My sister is practicing the piano in the other room, sounds awesome!!! yey!
( I know why the dog howls at the moon. )
Boston Market :)
My #Imperfection id My beauty. My #Madness is genius.Its better to be absolutely #ridiculous than absolutely
My toe hurts.
well my dear...its over!!!! Finally...some normalcy
I'm being optimistic but it wouldn't kill me to not get tix. Where u watching the game on Fri?
"Always make new mistakes." - Esther Dyson
Welcome to the twitterverse! :)Thanks for the follow.
My dietary habits over the past 2 days have not been swell.
Of course none of those things happened! She was quite happy in your arms. I know Jack is jealous.
We're proud have the support of such great sponsors! RT is Proud to be a 2011 Platinum Sponsor at this year's !
Looking forward to the Bare Naked Ladies concert poolside at Red Rock tongiht!
how many R's are there? Don't think I'm weird:P lol
Mingle, network, get involved! #MilwaukeeHYP social hour: Weds, May 23, 5-8 PM, Karma Bar & Grill! RSVP to
work any missing persons cases like in the 80s?
loving the MSNBC debate.... woot woot for another election
Following The Rhythmic Lounge! Hope you follow back! Just purchased your upcoming issue!
What kind of features are you looking to use with your class?
yeah, I suspect we'll be seeing a talent drain from parents avoiding pop warner in a decade or so
Do you have any recommended musical iPhone apps?
Would you like your product/company highlighted through out social media? Email our social media rep for more information brandi
Ironically with Whitney's death, and I have been bringing up Bobby Brown's #Newedition up on our show on recently
Me and my girl Kamala were watching MTV and Kurt Loder broke in and we just started screaming. Moms was like, "WTF are you screaming for?!"
what's going on Miss PD? You working the games this week?
My Biggest #SocialMedia Peeve = Getting 'Active' on #SocMedia Only After a #Crisis Happens
2 finals left between me and Christmas break..
Thanks for the RT about our next promotion and Much appreciated.
Yeah I realized that after an hour or so...
": huh"you didn't respond
Grabbed Bedlam from Steve's Liquor. So good!
Some people suck...I mean REALLY suck.
me neither
Got a place you want me to play?! Email me! Include city, state & venue perdy please.
LIU a 2nd half run from making everybody in marchfatness say"F it, crap teams left in the west,eating a whole pizza right now"
New chant request: You've Lost that Loving Feeling by The Righteous Brothers. #NoPressureHaveFunWe'reNotEvenHere
Looking like I may have to do it next weekend. Some work troubles plus Mum's arriving later than expected. :-(
now now, no Twitter bullying!
SO SO SO funny haha
Well I'm glad:) Yes that IS true!
I'm gonna kill myself working every day this week...Saturday get here soon please
Ah - So not Chancey in Being There either.
if constant comment tea were a literary genre, it would be the epic.
Adios, Ron Paul, you desiccated, pompous fraud.
Don't get it. 40k a plate = 13 million -- but programs loose funding because there isn't enough money? I am moving to Canada.
I'M THERE lol RT : ASIAN FESTIVAL next weekend come thru for some good food n some pretty asian women lol
Hit the Lights! Let the music move you...
got some guys running North Central tonight, and tomorrow and the U of Chicago Saturday.
I miss him <U+2708>
Screaming Females show. Yes yes yes!
Today's #Tech Tip: Coupons and discounts great call to action tools for email newsletters.
That's too bad. I've always believed zettaflops were a certainty.
Going to pick up my laptop :) & hanging w my lover Danny
This is why I can't go to sleep before midnight. I end up waking up at 4am and can't go back to bed.
It's a sweet life! RT : I'm going to start living my life through
cool beans !
$99 -- SF: Top-Rated Hotel through March - BW Tuscan Inn - Best Hotel on the Wharf for 8 years (Frommer's) Rate Code: TravelZoo
I remember when the M in MTV stood for Music, and not Maternity.
Been feeling pretty miserable lately...don't know who I can talk to :(
Girls Lacrosse game
“There is no better exercise for your heart than reaching down and helping to lift someone up.”
doing an interview for UTEP's The Prospector about Terror Eyes, would you mind if I asked you about what you like about them?
Thank you for the RT Miss Jess :)
I've finally realized how lost I am without my best friend!! Miss you <U+2764>
was that the one they did a sytycd routine about cancer to? So good.
A5: they'd need to shut down the internet. fans want to track mult games at once vs. watching a game...reminds of Fantasy Football.
things are better?
Watching kids play and build castles with blocks. How did life become so rushed and complicated by the time 30s runs around?
Don't chew gum in the shower...
Who woke ?
I wish I was going to Belle Glade this year :'(
The hilarious is reading today at Barnes and Noble in Metairie at 3pm. Her new book, Love at First Bark, includes NOLA adventures
Vegas fans join me on FOX5 tonight at 7 for our Speedway Saturday Night with and Replay Sunday at 10:30am.
Hi John thanks for the follow. I live in Florida as well. Port St Lucie. Let's keep in touch. Looking forward to your tips
I'm totally owning this database. I WILL RULE YOU
Watching #SOTU. Good points about importance of student aid and higher ed.
I hope you have a fabulous time on your cruise!
....I feel like Larry Stylinson is getting more distance and it's more Zarry now. Oh okay sorry for my opinion.
Birthday Party is next month 06.16.2012 and I have a BIG announcement I want to share...if you in the Chi
Happy birthday to !!
I can't stand how insanely inconsistent is sometimes.
i just died of happiness :) made a pretty awesome weather girl. my night just got better
Drama at Cross Creek in GHSA baseball playoffs, 2 out, 2 run HR in bottom of the 6th ties it at 2
were in here! From probation to domination all over again
I will follow Please follow
one hour finale!
#bones in 2 minutes!!
I'm sorry fellaz u cnt get a tax credit for donating to the Save-A-Hoe Foundation all last yr I dnt care wat nobody told u it ain't charity
Thank goodness for my music <3 this would be the longest and worst car ride ever without it.
Hey I heard you were a wild one
: New producer signed with the label! INGENIOUS (IG) follow him! -->
OH: Look for people who seek the truth, and run from the ones who claim to have it.
Happy Mother's Day.
Hey #SDSU did you know you can get an ice cold #mix1 at any Aztec Market?
#NASCAR fans - what is your favorite race track? Mine is
RT : Happy Mother's Day to the most beautiful, hardworking, and amazing mom! <3 I dont what I'd do without her. (:
My sis officially becomes an iPhone user today! Good riddance sh!teous Blackberry!!!
Help me out people what would you like to see on the website!? tweet us back!
Don't miss my #waronwomen ad, "Fighting Back" running tonight on CNN & MSNBC. Watch out between 6:30 and 10:30 tonight.
I've never used an entire eraser, they always get lost.
I just studied half of what I have to, now I need to read 150 pages... Should I take a Grey's Anatomy break? :/ I think so.
Im pumped we aren't playing lazy anymore
How did I forget that Hollywood classic "Big" opens witha computer game?
losing those two games against the Yankees totally ignited the Red Sox current momentum. Let's see how it lasts.
sory busy morning
I'm aware lol there's a guy who flies by every morning at like 5 I think he knows it wakes me up so he does it to piss me off
Nice! I like.
Francis Gurry, D-G of #WIPO, at #InternetSociety #GlobalINET says purpose of #IPR is not to favor one business model over another.
We hope so too!
William lookin a little drowsy!
Crafty parents: your children are welcome to accompany you to our Nov. 12 Launch Party. We'll have a fun craft project for kids to enjoy.
In the market for some
#Commercial #audition today!
Who can shake that monkey
510 Starter kits for under $35.00 & Ego Kits for under $55 ... Discover the Gen. X difference www.genxvapor.com
try it again..it keeps going down
Shiller If you are moved by WallSt what should you do? Get into finance and FIX IT
Can't wait to see my love tomorrow and go I the casino!!! #Mohegan Sun
yeah, I like to block out that stop in Nebraska sometimes... :)
Im mad theres no girls at my work
We'll negotiate ;)
Hey , please e-mail: if you would like to join our Chatt #StreetTeam. Free tickets for promoters!
Need more time? Take 2 days and keep track of how you spend your time. You'll find you have nearly twice as much downtime as you think!
There's no evidence that you can't do it... only evidence that you haven't done it yet.
aha :D so im curious how did you find me :)
RT : I'm set up in the press box and we're about to get underway in the Argyle vs. Wimberly 3A DII title game.
RT I'm often asked why anyone would choose to be gay. Well, for starters, the food is better.
Does it have to be realistic?
And who do you call if you will live a little more than five minutes?
New Year's Eve won't be the same without
It hurts :(
Y did my Jitney driver txt me n say.. hey stranger.. like nigga Idk u don't txt me ur a "Jitney driver" not my friend.
Check out my "Zend Framework...Without Inhaling" article in the Nov 2011 issue of php|architect magazine. Give some love!
Diet Pepsi LOL RT : And a cold diet coke! :) RT : All we need is LOVE, sweet, sweet love ;)
working on music!!! whats the best way to spread the word on my music? the more listeners the better!!
October Is LGBT History Month!.....Thanks
I feel so lazy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Headed to the Y to get the day started with aerobics.
Doing side by side All Saints and Helltown IPA's for personal Happy Hour. Lavery IRA next. Great local brews!! We are so lucky
it's National Weed day
#Transportation at #StirOSU - Central Question: How do we get from here to where we need to be?
Thank you! Having an exciting and busy summer, and fall is looking to be the same. Love it!
We all have that one friend that can't take a damn joke! -__-
May your mother live always in the hearts of everyone she reared & loved. Bless You R A
well when I get my setup you are more than welcome to eat shit on them
#JustGetOverIt - my nervousness..... still in the weeds with my MC duties...
I didn't buy a Mega Millions ticket. And I still have about the same chance of winning as the guy who bought 100.
if your name is Irene come to the mother she has a free beer for you.
you're welcome =)
I had a raw kale and collard salad last night.
Every time we touch, I get this feeling...
Just watched the Clippers press conference and I'm SO EXCITED!!!!!!!!!
Abraham Lincoln said:"[It is the]duty of government to render prompt justice against itself, in favor of citizens." greatamericanhistory.net
The guy that staked me, took me out AA<Q9 off all in pre. Why stake me then bust me? Makes no sense.
Congrats to , who will be directing our Health Policy fellowship starting in April!
It was so many ppl & so much love at my Dad's funeral. Hate it had to be for this reason, but glad he's no longer in pain. Love you Pops!
I was at sublime and it sucked. I wish I knew this before.
's coverage of #WhitneyComingHome ceremony. Yes!:Newark-NewHope-Whitney link. Thank u for the human portrayal of our diva.
Who knows, but he doesn't talk, he lies. RT“: What do Mitt Romney be talkin bout?”
to make you feel better it's no different than most tweets anyways lol
And now I just realized, I could probably have gotten a pass for free through work. Oh well. It's only $65.
Folks how do I get a posting block removed? No help on the site from operators/mods
"Yes we can! (continue to give Republicans exactly what they want despite controlling the Presidency, House, and Senate.)"
holy crap. I would wear that in a heart beat lmfaoo!
Where is the Atari Baby cover that a dozen artists should have covered by now?
Kino! RT : Dang the heat's coach reminds me of the actor from teenage mutant ninja turtles part 2
Only two people can judge me, God and the person in that robe holding a gavel..
Yo :D we should hang out tonight YEAH school today and i effin hate someone there :| backstabbers, karma is there.. wait 4 it
a soft rain falls this morning. the green is so deep. . .simply beautiful.
Working on hand2ear.mp.
Great, send me an email at and I'll send over some info.
that's the BART station I always go to! OMG
Basically my trajectory—I went all the way to running ion3 on my laptop for a while. With a few UI tweaks, I've come to love G3.
The Fakers can't handle the youth of OKC or the the better deeper team of the Spurs
omg no i could never hate u!ur such an insperation!and no were not best friends were family(: the fizzy family sticks together ^_^
yeah bitch yeah bitch call me Steve o
Well its in a book but if i find some things i can upload i will def share with you
Happy 2yr anniversary with baebae!! I love him so much!!:)
Question - Besides Fitocracy heroes, what are your plans for investors? Hubby and I were wondering.
Leighton Ford You don<U+0092>t drown by falling in water; you only drown if you stay there.
thank you! I had a great time!
Tried to reach out for you several times, dont quite understand how this works but trying again.
Wish it was 7 weeks from now! Ready for my fella to take me to South Beach for lots of loving! Oh yeah! Lady in the street.....
their roast pork sandwich with sharp provolone and broccoli rabe puts our Italian beef to shame
Thanks Ashley!
there's a karma police joke in there somewhere... ;-)
thanks! we're trying hard to pull it all together
- the badge for #EABF will not be available until the Fest tomorrow!
Julie Evans, our CEO, set to present on Mon 3-4pm at #VSS2009 with a panel of students re: online learning trends. Join us! (via )
#acozarks Arts Center of the Ozarks. Where you need to be the first Thursday in may. Catch the Fay and Zoller openings.
Been up all last night, I got backs under my eyes you can tell .
Last Computer Repair in Pittsburgh: HP Mini Screen change
Drinking decaf tea while doing homework, I can't stay up all night!
miss u too :D
Disruptions: Innovation Isn't Easy, Especially Midstream - New York Times (blog)
My dissertation: Modernist writers were incredibly snobbish and generally felt pretty bad about it.
That's what's up....so proud of you sis...won't be long for the cap and gown.
#Salute to BossLady for having us on the set of her new music video for "Party or Go Home!" Stay tuned for All Acess!
JOHN DIES AT THE END ... NO, JUST KIDDING. HE'S FINE
Support independent artists!
this is for Alex RT : Chin straps are for helmets...it's not a "style" of facial hair.
you the man!!! Hell of a game... That's why your my fav yankee!! Keep killing it man...
/knocks it back, returns glass with a debonair wink/ ... /staggers out of bar/
Just in case you forgot
Congratulations, you are almost done with the week! Come celebrate with lunch at Smashing Tomato!
hate that I missed the party last night. I'll be there next time for sure. Looked fantastic. Appreciate the invite
. . I'm listening to the President's speech and it's not about gay marriage. It's women's rights, education, etc.
Pumped to hear Dollar Tree speak on the networked
We should all adopt the Native American way and try to make our lives beautiful
Oh.. now that is cool! We love all the different programs you can sign up for this Spring & Summer!
SAP takes on Oracle in database war
because she is not sure if she has a son or a daughter anymore?
Something funny I posted a video with a song woophas, and I dedicated to Twitters I did not know what it meant, Thought it was like candy...
Bitter experience has taught us how fundamental our values are and how great the mission they represent. Jan Peter Balkenende
trust no MAN..only GOD
Thank you!! <3
brainwashed by liberals. i think not!
Kangaroos really got it right with the whole built-in pocket thing.
No better way to wake up then having my lungs filled wit some good kush
It's not impossible to be perfect, where's the comfort in that?
Just ate my lunch for breakfast. This can't be a good sign :-/
Three years. 18 credits/year costs same as 13. Saved year of tuition by getting done faster.
I am so jealous that you met Lucy Hale.
Answer the question , class is in session.
Um.. You might have been right. I didn't ask why
OMG me too!
Vegan Meat: for when you hate eating animals, but not enough to actually sacrifice things in your life
(the other Noel in my team!), explains how #oracle #wem optimizes the online channel for #cx success:
Tomorrow's the Caring Heart Poker Run, get your poker face ready and have a great time while helping out our food basket program.
Morning hike on hold till it warms up a bit more. Currently 38 degrees
Not going to history romorrow.
Wash DC has some of the most impoverished women in the USA: topic at Wash Area Womens Foundation luncheon today
it's pretty great. The wait lists are a little long though. People are really using it which is fantastic.
Lmfao !! wow angel just wow
I know some shit so hard to swallow but I just cant sit back and wallow in my own sorrow but I know one fact Ill be one tough act to follow.
Guys can be soo shallowww!!!! Theres more to life than just sex...
Aiight LeBron! Time to get a new mouth piece! LMAO
On the plane to DC. First leg of my trip to Ethiopia.
I'm followin u already, follow me
Just updated the screenshots in the app store and the app store description. Hope people like it! Will take a while to update though!
Nowak says an offer was received from another unidentified team.
damn.. wrong era
iPhone 4 broken into pieces. back to the 3g for the next 8 days. and its so slow!
Economic security or continued abuse it's not a choice ask to stand up for florida's families by supporting HB1083
None but ourselves can free our mind from mental slavery.
I want a new tattoo!!
1501 tweets baby.
hey how are you
thanks...it is a great day!
#FaceYourself Fringe time
absolutely. Playing an older Madden is like working with a Speak and Spell.
IF you have seen a RAGE face tel me??
Always aim at complete harmony of thought and word and deed. Always aim at purifying your thoughts and everything will be well. - M.G
That risk is one worth taking, but must be acknowledged. There is something akin here to shouting fire in a crowded theater.
Okay! Never left the couch and now have all my texts for the first summer course. Bring on #J500!!
#NFL Draft Eve is one of my favorite days. Analysts panicking and changing all their mock drafts off of rumors. Kinda tempted to start one.
Shrine it is!
If I gotta boo thang den I know 's ain't that far away. #ourlifesarethatintertwind (spelling haha) but u know what I mean
Call Me Maybe Greyhound Remix on REPEAT ALL DAY!
Can anybody recommend a place in/around #MKE that repairs Speedlight flash units? Specifically, LCD screen replacement.
Let me teach students any day.
What it lies in our power to do, it lies in our power not to do ~Aristotle
Thanks. What fields do you think that's representative of? (I'm guessing law+foraging+occupy+parenting, knowing you.)
What is going on with Megan P lately?
We're intrigued... RT Most fun part of writing The New Old Bar is choosing cocktail names #Satan'sSister
BTW, the chapbook contest I'd mentioned earlier is with Ropewalk Press
Hope everyone's having a great Valentine's Day! Today has been full of surprises... I'm terrified xo
Taking #UndergroundFilm and #Animation to the next level! #Filmfests roll with me. Let's do it big Yo!
RT : What do you like about K State?
High on the list of depressing things: watching a pregnant woman walk into McDonald's.
it's beat, where the hell are you from?!
I can't imagine those are the wines for the kids' table, which is where I belong. Ha!
Emily get off the high mountain you need jesus
Warren East High wbu
Are you ready for my cookbook, Dalmatian Cooking? Tomorrow is a big day.
TDIH 1793 - George Washington's 2nd inauguration, he says only 133 words! GW aka the forefather of Twitter -
omg! stacy! did you yell at him?! thatd be so awkward!
Well I guess we can't sweep everyone...
happy birthday ms niki
Target is like the Bermuda Triangle right now. No power and no cell reception. Weird.
You are most welcome
thank you for following us, cool web site!
LOVE IT! Happy Easter!
Check out diddy's new artist janelle monae. And ellen's new artist greyson chance on youtube.com
The things I hate the most about break-ups is the questions u get asked and the constant reminders of them..
RT : RT : If #pepperspray pep is "essentially a food product" should volunteer to be sprayed on air....
Doing my baby's hair <3
If I were to drop something off at your office....will somebody open the door for me??
So many memories.
I don't think anyone understands my obsession with pork egg rolls like theyre just way too good
Thxs for including me
what picture do you have on your profile?? I can't find you
That szechuan sauce is eating a hole through my stomach right now... +_+
Feeling wonderful but very much missing my girl danny. :( I love you and am praying for you.
JanProSac offers financing at 10%! And 0% to Veterans! You are right. Set aside one years worth!
..... I got nothin to say
Cliff Lynch's opening plenary will begin soon in Renaissance West.
Thanks for the retweet! Look forward to sharing youth films w/ Herring Run community @ 6pm w/ free food from Carma's Cafe!
haha - sorry dude. Friday is my social media day!
I always struggle with what to wear to pick up take out. I mean, let's be real, what would you be dressing up for?
I'm gonna be so mad if it goes threw!
yeah seems like in crowds that big not much to be gained from a live performance, would rather pay to see those bands individually
#Bucks win!
hey, we were there too. Great day. Hope you enjoyed the live music.
Nope, UNLUCKY BITCHEZ.
Having horrible txting buddies <<<
thanks girl, me too!! I still sometimes can't believe I wasn't dreaming it :D
RT A healthy inside is a Beautiful outside! Thanks for the follow. Keeps It Elegant!
going late to school >>>
but as veteran leaders we fight an uphill battle against certain stereotypes. This doesn't help.
Good morning Facebook fans. Stay tuned for our Wednesday Tip of the Week video with Guy Berger which will be up later this morning!
Ok, Vanessa brought a power cord. So now you are free to just come by!
David Malmuth is speaking my language at #aesummit2012. Name-dropping Joe Cortright, walkability, metrics for IDEA District
James Franco's NYU Thesis Film, staring his bro, will be at NY's IFC theater 4/27. First student film to get a theatrical release?
I don't think I've ever seen the beginning of Weekend at Bernies
Day 4 of the non payment by kdol.last time this happened it took 15 days to renew looks like I'll have to try to rescheduly my ticket.
Worse… Splash pages.
Fair enough!
I'm one of the few who did not care enough to watch the royal wedding.
#thingsimiss reality. When was the last time I spent a whole day without checking out all the nonsense on this interweb thing?
sounds good... i'll be around 3-5, ping me and we can meet/chat in the doc.
<U+266C> August 1st 1960 Aretha Franklin made her first recordings for CBS Records <U+266C>
Very cool.
discusses the projects of NYPL labs, including geo-mapping of historical documents, public can interact
I like the shake-up of Bumgarner ahead of Burriss. MadBum is a legit threat at the plate. Burriss has shown ZERO power.
love it - definitely want to incorporate some of these ideas into future possibilities...
Get your TAN ON! *Specials Today* Buy 5 UV Tans, get 2 FREE! Buy 5 Instant Tans for $75 or 10 for $125! Huge LOTION and MEMBERSHIP sales!
Respect my mind, Respect My click
There are undisputed benefits for content blogging: more indexed pages, inbound links, website visitors, and social media reach.
Yes and...I haven't forgiven you! I just think of you as "dumb as a Vienna Sausage" Now!
The only way for three people to keep a secret is if two of them are dead. -- Benjamin Franklin, O.G.
my dad's the biggest asshole I know.
"Overkill" is another classic from M
turn it around.... turn it upside down. love to hear it... get up .....
I'd smang Sage with rigorous intent and gusto
My canine overlord...
go to bed!
happily will give you access. DM email address so I can get you setup when I get back in front of my computer.
Prometheus looks absolutely bad ass!
Happy Tuesday! #gym! Need I say more?
Got a call from a scam artist purporting to be with our A/C installer to schedule "checkup"...bogus phone number. Beware! .
To Whom It May Concern: Live your destiny. Begin by being yourself. It is your destiny that only being you can accomplish. ~Shirley
Long night at work. No fires yet, just folks getting high and burning food...
#BostonCeltics you can't turn the ball over 17 times and expect to win on the playoffs! You beat yourselves!
fine retard it is
Oh and happy mothers day to , , & 's moms cause they put up with me just as much <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><U+2764>
R there any good men left in this world I mean really r they lol
yes cause everyone immediately knows what you're talking about
I wanna play another show. Can I get a re-do?
Can everyone on twitter please pray for no more rain tomorrow in #Miami ?? I really need sunshine back :)
not one, not two, but three guest speakers for RMI today!
“: It's a thin line between Gassin, Dick Ridin & Supporting”niggas always seem to get them confused
Thanks! I love him! He's so soft!
I thought the subject was about being gay.
thx so much, ryan...it's the best thing ever, really. and i know you'll get it when it's your time. may your research go well!
“: You don't come to new york! :(” we are from NYC! Always play new York!
RFT! ": Not down for this drive home <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>"
Thanks! RT : Congrats #SIIA member for winning #CODiE award for Best Financial Management Solution
Loved seeing and extending my PLN at #naisac12. Sorry to miss #EdCampIS tomorrow
to eat a bibliography, as in "Here's my paper, but sorry, my dog practices #bibliographagy"
Girl me and you both I wanted to jump in it right in the store.
Tonight's Special: Lamb Burger: Feta Aoili, Lettuce, Tomato, Red Onion & Cucumber on a Kaiser Roll w/ Side $11
you better not send that thing home with The same goes for all of you suffering from
!!!!!!! RT I love love love "TONIGHT-John Ledgend " does something to me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
can't deal with this mess of hair. uggggg ly help me. need extensions or somethin hell of a hot mess
and I suppose it's reasonable to think there are some in the library world who dream of being motorway assistants...
Happy I never faked for the people ..take me as I am lol<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
cinco de mayo plans? miss you!!!!!
People on Facebook are like mosquitoes. The only descriptive word I can think of for them is the word annoying.
“: I'm actually nervous...lol” U will be awesome. What's the topic? Come by the Madison tomorrow and practice :)
Does the fact that I invert all of my FPS games mean I'm more likely to "get" Lion's reverse scroll?
RT : Traditional marriage, i.e., married 4 times and some side-trips for child sex in the Dominican, is under attack.
I can see to it that someone will be. Are you dropping off more goodies???
looking into it now
<U+200E>#2012WishList I wish all the dudes with shirtless profile pix to catch ringworms
Still wondering why there were 25 or so people to watch USMNT beat Italy at 1:30pm and only ten to watch the U23 USMNT beat mexico at 9pm?
I could be your girl girl girl, girl, girl, girl, bi
Other than a traditional LMS, I am looking for an app that tracks when someone reads a document. Must be private/secure.
twitter that I wasn't sure if you were asking me a question or if you were simply stateing something so now that I know clearly
you should Follow Mee (: ! Ah . and forreal TBH: i wanna come kick it with yall . ! lmfaoooooo
you look like a chubby chaser.
happy birthday Cody!!! I hope u have a wonderful birthday!!!
The #NewBeauty Event at was amazing last night! Thankyou to everyone who came & thankyou to everyone who made it happen!
Hey! Love you! Lets be friends :)
Ya we should meet up
just got in the gate but that seems fair. Not every MLB park has a fresh produce stand right inside the gate though...
Had class with edgar today :)
Mitchell's interception shows just how much more athleticism the Ducks have. A 1-hand snag. All Oregon now, make those Rose Bowl plans
#stateofthecity Mayor says he's proud of Hanna avenue repair project
Hey, I've been rejected twice already and I know you're not even in Miami, but if you were, would you go to "fake prom" with me?
Fine how do u do ;))
Epoxy Coatings Can Bring Life Back to Your Floors. We're like Dr. Frankenstein... but for floors.
John Zelazny's "Bad Santa" will be going on tap at the brewpub at 6 PM tonight! Stop in for a sample of some strong holiday cheer!
is adorable(:
So glad they have "Marley and Me - The Puppy Years" available on DVD at the checkout. Only $6.99. What a steal!
Plz help stop DWP from building a new site next to Marquez Elementary!
All proceeds go to sponsor the Iron Eagle 25,000 Miles in 25 Days for the Fraternal Order of Eagles Diabetes Research Center.
Stop by the Greater Madison Chamber of Commerce Business Expo Hospitality booth next week Tuesday and tell me about your business.
yeah, i said it.
cause I had a nap or I'd be knocked out
how rude
I'm going to join the kick around tonight. Which field will we be playing on?
Yikes. No offense , but the man may have a point.
#youarebeautiful but your friend looks better
hunger games in this mofo!
Just got your print—looks great! Thanks.
hey dude, can you let me know when practices are now? School is winding down so I'll be able to make it a lot in the summer
you watching the FA cup final?!
I'm an IU fan, but D. Green is Big Ten player of the year.
thanks for telling me!!! Congrats! I TOLD YOU!!
LmfaooooooooooooooooRT : I remb wen my bm told me I was a piss of shit! I saw the order day she was looking like a piss of shit
Awesome game 4! #NBA #Knicks vs #Heat #Follow us if you love #Entertainment like this! #TeamFollowback (#Heat #Knicks)
I'm still hungry!
so oh well
meg and I got chased down the road by big bad John a few days ago... Very few people will appreciate this like you will ;)
I graduated in '82 and '83, because I'm twice as smart.
#secretservicepickuplines how'd you like to put a black man in the oval office?
good win tonight ladies. titanic 3d tomorrow then staying at jamis all weekend.
take a pic of the rubber bullet and tweet it. we havent been able to get a full confirmation of the rubber bullets
TOMORROW: SETTING SUN! Race. Sex. Japan. New York. 9/11. Revenge. Come check out this amazing new play! FREE!
Justin Bieber: *breathes* Beliebers: Did you see the way his chest moved? SEXY.
unless u speak the rights words mate
hope it can be resolved so we can start having dogfish again at our corporate events...
That's He has lightning fingers!
Soul Plane & Baby Boy are always on BET! There's tons of other black movies...come on now, switch it up!
Hello to you! This should be fun :) RT : Well HELLO!! ;-)
RT : Sensible and well-crafted Right of way mgmt is essential role of govt as broadband infrastructure expands
damn all the seniors in my high school are hot
no...they need an athletic big man to play defense. A 2 that can shoot...& then bosh & bron will kill!
Gracias Thanks for the follow!
hi no fumble tumble
#OneThingAboutMe is that I pray every night to wake up in the morning to see that followed me !
Scott Pilgrim vs. the World is on!
LOL!! Figured he was rockin two phones... Was thinking one might be an international phone.
Anything we can help with?
so cruiser? What about standard and upright?
took my ball!!
Dinner in the city tonight (y)
This is so true live it and love it thx!!!!
what time do you think a twisted dinner for #djangocon might take place?
That's good medicine for anyone of us!
maybe I'm naïve, but can recruiters access your FB given privacy settings? Frankly, they'd be bored w/mine!
Thank u 2 for hosting an phenomenal #glc 4 me & and other great #entrepreneurs!
www.womenthroughtransition- are you one of them? Don't forget your free eBook.Survival Tips Through Transition.
Kennedy says appalling opinions do not nice people make -- despite
MUAH!! Loved meeting Angel and seeing you!! So excited that you're back in NYC!
New Tweeps! {Diggin' it} - I look fwd to connecting :)
Thank god for xanax or I'd be punching everyone out in this library
Who's up for a drink with me today or
lol wow, good to know! ;-)
“The only reason we don’t have what we want in life is the reasons we create why we can’t have them.” ~Tony Robbins
but if the choice was to write a gay letter, where's the poor choice :) and grammatical incorrectness isn't an option here
Wow is The Rock really in Portland? I thought I smelled has-been-action-star.
No more YOLO
Get this intern outta here! She messing with the church's money! LOL!
Facebook has to much Drama for me, I like my news, current events, and some comedy, and thats what I get with Twitter.
i think this is how to reply.I aint sparrin no bear!
Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Blueberry Topping 4.09 / 5 Stars | 9 Reviews by Ellen Wojdyla "A versatile and easy to make blueberry sauce." Vi
you awakee? Answer your text if you are ! I'm locked out my house. Keep me company lmao
Any bars in #boston showing #wwe Wrestlemania this Sunday?
I really want some ice cream!
Who is more wrongly portrayed? #Trayvon or #Zimmerman? There's a rally for the latter. We discuss it NOW
God answers our prayers. He reveals things to us, which we can choose to Explore or Ignore!"
Heart skips a beat and when I called you, you were out of reach, but I'm sure you've heard that before.
I had way to much sugar last night.
hi there! Thanks for the follow. I look forward to reading your weightloss tweets
... Happy Alphaversary, my love !!!
I get to see Gary Oldman again tonight!!! Squeal!!!!!!
Giving up on foursquare until Chipotle recognizes my commitment.
Yeah, pretty bad.
how I remember the great birthday food at TP (Holiday team)
Dave Letterman makes sick jokes on #RonPaul second day in the row. Telling lies RP dropped out via emails to his supporters. Boycott D.L!
Annoys me when people hit you up like "what's up stranger" um u don't call or text me...so I sure in the hell ain't calling or texting u
You made their Facebook page! You're officially internet famous!
no need to fret! I will be happy just knowing ur near!
Grr enemy is staying here. Who wants to sabotage?
Thank you, to my meek masseuse this morning, for not shrieking wildly upon discovering I have jumbo-Legos for muscles in my upper back.
Oh word so good
I wish we could, but we can not
happy birthday to your daughter!
“: The Heat practically tried to give the game to the pacers and they just wont take it! Smh” and vice versa
We love to see old friends re-unite over Big Glasses + Small Bites at WSWB! Whatever the occasion may be, let us host your next gathering!
Lol copy and paste remember xD
Good Morning (:
Haven't tried his class yet. Went to Jazz 1 a couple weeks ago. I was the only student. Got a private for $12! Deal!
good good u
A fitting conclusion.. Footage of Seau's induction to the #Chargers HOF and Seau playing ukulele.
u gotta sleep
ALL: now that i have an iphone, what apps do i need to download.
True : somewhat depends what the line of service is, enjoy using for #custserv at my local govt! App FTW
I Can Never Do My Nails Without One Of Em Gettin Fucked Up !
That's our favorite Talking Heads song. There's a grainy video of Byrne on stage singing it w/ the Arcade Fire after Funeral came out.
Would you partciipate in an online workshop to get the most out of your next Disney Vacation?
jason kidd not going down without a fight tonight.... he has taken control
Threw out my back yesterday, can't do much moving. Watching movies I should have forever ago. Just finished Hotel Rwanda. Oy. What a film.
got some inspiration from riding on the bus.
shut up coon
3 day facilitation training is over. Grateful for safe, dynamic space and energy that encouraged vulnerability
Hate when a client says they need something by Monday, April 19th, then I realize they probably meant Monday, MARCH 19th: tomorrow.
Wow, good luck!
I wish I didn't have crappy Hughes Net internet. I could use and as much as I want to then.
Go to #bizhomework.com Take the business test to know what #business you should start.
Grandma : watsup ? Me: lol, nun under the dryer. Her: driving what. Me: under the hair dryer. Her: all that's watsup , aite .
Not sure whether to be excited or concerned by the Hegelian undertones of my wedding vows.
Just saw myself on drop dead diva....ya boi looks good on camera!
I'm sure you have friends
I guess it was as good as its gna get...such is life
Not going to school today, too sick to function. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
hey rick:)
Good Morning Logan! “: Good morning!”
Confidential to things go smoothly today. Let's all occupy our couches by a reasonable hour this evening.
Wish we had known we didn't have a first period today...
We're going to #gradnation next week. How about you?
you have 3 more years to become friends with them!
<getn out the under eye black..this one could get ugly!!
ready 4 these nba playoffs
i love your story <3
And now LeBron hits the floor. Shocking that it took so long.
Thanks! I found that personification amusing. As if..! Not on libprof AFAIK.
rt Do incentives work for u? What would motivate you to do the 1 thing you are resisting?
I have a stuffy nose talking to my tables :(
Headed to Nattspil for dinner then most likely getting intoxicated....again, what new?
Thank YOU for the mention!
As a writer, I'm constantly trying to reinvent the art of storytelling.
Everyones saying its national kiss day.. where you at m8? muah! ;*
I honestly don't even know :o it said suggestions on the side and I saw you so I clicked it :3
its weird how pritchard gets the worst calls but jordan hulls can get bernie fined with no call
Coale is a great value pick in the 5th.
Best Guess would be that Oprah was the Flyers Goalie Coach for a night! You Get A Goal, You Get A Goal, You Get A Goal!
This fucking game!!!!
SY’s co-ed kickball league starts on 6/3! Email for more info.
you're very welcome!
A sneak peek of this year's fabulous magnum bottle of Rusack Vineyards Santa Catalina Island 2009 Pinot Noir, to be auctioned off at...
yes they should definitely get another chance!
Wishing everyone in NOLA and anywhere else celebrating Fat Tuesday tomorrow a Happy #MardiGras!
I'll join you.
WE Go too DA CLUB!!! we so
... You hurt my mom! Now please go away!!! The donation to my brothers charity was a nice gesture but it would of been better if u didn't...
i was already following him. thank god i was cuz i'd sure hate to be doin that!!
- Is whole wheat pasta something I can incorporate? Should I look to rice pasta instead?
announces Ian Bakst will be sitting in for Doug at the The Shana Foundation Skate Jam in Long Branch on 6/19 and sitting with Doug at GA!
Watching South Park World of Warcraft episode. Its an mmorpg, rtard.
Awarded grants for 44 high school football players to attend summer camps. Thanks to all who help us help you!
I don't no why but I love watching mobster & gangster movies.
I hope you mean Bruce Wayne.
just spent 3 and a half hours on a research paper....fuck you corbett.
City Year Milwaukee will be stopping by the Marquette University at the MCC --MU students come say hello!!!!
that ending was insane needs to investigate there..... SOBER!!!!
I love you ;)
SO... EXCITED to see you! :)
It was fun as shit lmao
#dailyfeedback In honor of the late poet Adrienne Rich, we're looking for songs that feature lines of poetry. Results @ 4:20pm on 91.3fm.
happy mothers day :*
Ugh, no wants to catch tonight's Thunder game?!? Oh like the wizards or whatever team you cheer for is so awesome.
I'm jealous and so is my camera.
thank you so much! A lot is riding on it. How are you?
< he must not know bout dat hot spot lol
people who fall in love with everyone, I don't support it.
Shout out to all the women wearing shape ups in public.
a lot of them say to just take out the battery which I'm sure you've tried
I am as adept to smelling bullshit as a shark is to smelling a drop of blood in the water.Keep your story straight. Be mindful of your words
Lou's tweets ;3
I love to cook, and I love to eat, but when I'm this busy, it's just a burden. :/
NEW YORK NEW YORK NEW YORK
Happy Birthday to one of my best friends , wish I could be with you all tonight
ME too
yep. Hope we keep it up!!
sixers game so intense
Sitting with Heather in English... We were watching To Kill A Mockingbird who!
PW Co jail officer accused of being part of a plot to have a man assaulted in jail. Police say it's connected to a murder for hire plot.
definitely an easy group to root or.
Hey thats 1 hella sexy drunk hoe!!Ahahahha! & I find that middle finger to be very attractive..<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
My predictions for today couldn't have been more wrong. The wheels are falling off the world.
i hate that stupid dance the atlanta cheerleaders do during take me out to the ballgame
I hope OKC beats the lakers just so I can rub it in Anthony's face & piss him off.
I shrunk an inch :\
My roommate just found out that no one likes Nickleback
Someone wants to fax me a document. Of course our fax machine stopped working this morning.
long day of travel..just about to crash
MY EYES
- why do you keep getting all this amazing shit? JUST STOP IT! lol (;
love the background :-)
Not looking forward to saying bye to everyone.
Tell that to my wet and cold feet! :)
I've recently discovered that 's Strawberry Lemonade is quite good, after all. Solution? Add MORE leaves and less water. =P
I'm livid. And the thing I wanted to happen even happened. But this other arc? Honestly, just a slap in the face.
Awesome. I'm planning to under the #MAA2012 tag. :-)
#YourSexIsWEAK If she don't need her hair done again...
Mensa...just saying...
Bo Jackson and the NFL Combine would of been heaven.
it helps to give you a deeper understanding of life.
remember when websites were single 5 page basic sites with some animated gifs...oh where we have come from :)
JFK Was Assassinated because of Executive Order 11110 -- #OWS needs to focus ALL it's strength on ENDING THE FEDERAL RESERVE
My room is SO MESSY!
Interesting to see how poorly video does in this FB insights sample.
nope. hope you are well and hopefully Katie is feeling better:)
I can't wait to hear your first single!
I hope it's true--I've found the stronger bond in respectful disagreement. Similarity is easy. Debate inspires engagement.
You're probably already onto this, but I just started using #Sweave in #Rstudio-- amazing for #R and #LaTeX!
dude...That. Is. DEEP! Had no idea 2 Broke Girls was... so deep. Son. It is settled: # B28Write it is.
me omg i would die like i would scream i love ur songs but i still wish 1d would follow me!:(
It's What Would You Rather Wednesday & we've got lunch in mind. Would you rather eat BBQ or Country fried foods for the rest of your life?
Hate Mondays. Annoy Tuesday. Ignore Wednesday. Smile Thursday. Love Friday. Enjoy Saturday. Damn Sunday!
FREE BBQ Dinner for all active military or veterans with proper Military or Vet ID!
There are a whole lot of phone numbers on my arm: #MayDay in alliance with all those who suffer under #settler #colonial occupation and war!
:) i am kinda happy again :) lol
Flip-flop Mitt is rebranding himself as Mr. Consistent? Really? He could run as a poor, thoughtful, Asian woman, but that don't make it so.
His name is also a great way to promote the merits of evolutionary theory RT : Darwin Barney is still really, really raw
Rang in the new year to the immortal strains of "Baby Got Back." Ditching the cocktail bar for the karaoke bar was a good decision.
Think about what you do on Facebook...really. Then think about all of that time wasted
Come get your #magnatiles today! They won't be in stock long! Our friends at #valtech shipped a limited # and they arrived at the Quarry...
For it isn't enough to talk about peace. One must believe in it. It isn't enough to believe in it. One must work for it. ~ Eleanor Roosevelt
Fell in pool, saved drink.
And here I am, staring at picutes of sorry, but I'm creepin' on ya. xx
let me kno I got u
you know a soup is good when you have over a quarter of your crackers left over! Lol
We had to cut some of the song considering it was originally 6 minutes long
just ordered my 80s shirt online, I hope it arrives before may 2nd!!!
. sweet! Can't wait to see it. Glad the reviews are mostly positive.
do it! It's so good!
Writing a newsletter
NO MEETING TONIGHT!! Let us know of you'd like to participate in the Allen Park Cleanup Saturday!
Haven't worked a Friday in months....don't like it.
You're welcome. Yes, relaxing w/end :-)
I was hacked!!! :( How are you though? I did send you a real tweet the other day
thanks for the FF!
What Bill did was Absolutely amazing!
You amaze me. <3
Plans for tomorrow: get up skate, eat, then go to sleep!
or they're aliens. Prolly aliens.
It's a great parade!
Roy is just pathetic, I hope he enjoys his last game at F'N Center
So envious! Wish I was going! RT : sending out ARCs in advance of BEA! cc
Erica and I are watching a hearing where this guy is claiming to be Puerto Rican... He's like give me a chance to get my birth certificate o
Yikes, watching a contractor rip out a section of wall from my home is more dramatic than I expected. Might have emotional scars from this.
I bet Manning lands in TN. He knows the AFC South.
And I can't sleep
Go to the Scriptures...the joyful promises it contains will be a balsam to all your troubles. Andrew Jackson
Just heard Theodore Peña's talk on Pompeii. He originally planned a section on my Twitter namesake Caecilius, but he changed his mind.
#happinessis finding a blanket. Seeing the sun rise.
sue! What time does practice end tomorrow?
I love you pa pi!!!!! You r a huge piece of my life n hold the only key to my heart!!!
Lol Mr. House and Mr. Car xD
Let go but never forget the past. There are many great things that can be learned from what you have been through.
follow back? :)
RT RT Pelosi just went down in American history. And disappeared from Texas history.
it was fantastic to finally catch up at #socon12!!
Eminem Chrysler commercial was way better. :) see you at #blogchatliveSXSW again this year?
Icon Credit to <U+2665>
COCKY BOIIIII I MISS U BROTHER
thanks, friend. it was such a treat to see y'all.
Sleeping on the master bed this whole weekend :)
Everyone is bundled up down here wearing hats, mittens, and winter coats... If they only knew what winter REALLY is!
I was looking up some ish and came across a underground "Cell" almost like the holocaust underneth the denver airport! Wild!
Thanks Clive for the shout out bro! \m/\m/
go like me on facebook!!! look up cortney taylor under pages!!! 123 GO
lmao the best tweet ever tweeted
"I heard your lookin for a gentlemen, is it cool if hes australian too?" acctually i prefer em aussie ;)
R.I.P. Malcolm McLaren....God Save The Queen !
let's do 5:30 then. I'd like to get there at 7.
not to bad- thanks
Excellent. We'll be looking for you. Cheers!
asks why put your tongue on the roof of your mouth while doing #sit-ups?
I just had a dream about one direction
ha! La!! Isssy!! You return!!
I bet there is a plane flying from NY to LA also. It truly is amazing.
Congrats......looking forward to my first bottle....
is back to loving and joy!
Time for the beach :)
I Miss My Brotha Free CHUB
i was talking about games like Oakland City thats not an exibition game, or is it?
I can't help but to still wonder when the wheels will come off this O's season.
He's already talking about stealing my idea and appropriating it as content.
That little birds tellin my business again. Wait till I find him, He gonna be McDinner RT a little bird mightve tweeted it in my ear
Marty in Bay City: We finally got into the town, but they're not letting most people in. Bayous have flooded most of the homes here.
Will you be coming to Wednesday to see perform? See you there!
it's gonna be a pretty good show.. I was planning a night in but I guess not anymore :/
My neighbors are swimming in their pool right now. Ugh lucky bastards.
Yes sir its bomb im in the best shape of my life! RT : you still doing insanity? I'm thinking about doing it.
what is it u need
if only i could ship them! lol
GOT IT! YES!!!!! So when can I also get a 5&B suit made?
yes, I look forward to it
All this "we hv 2 vet Obama" BS is lame. 4 better or worse, he's bn Prez for 3-1/2 yrs, u ought 2 know "up or down" by now!
so many ricers in port chester
#TGIF!!! I hope this work day goes quickly...I am looking forward to the weekend!
Happy Friday, shakin' my caboose all day. Shakin' to the highway! I wanna hunt ghosts with u. Pick me up on your way.
well I'll be waiting! Lol that sounds gay
Tell me this wine geeks! Do you have a favorite...ehem, Malbec!?
just watched 's keeks with rob: uhh yeah im apart of the varsity fight club frankie: oh yeah uh me to...lmao.
I'm ProudOfAl .....who the hell is Al???
....... wow. cute grammar britt. meant to say *1D as a*
and he comes OT. FUCK.
Looks like the link is behind a login. Can't wait to see the public version!
Please consider weather conditions when choosing your restaurant. The closer the restaurant is to you the greater chance it arrives sooner.
Happy hour is going on right now!!
That moment when you're about to make your weekly Sunday call home, and you remember your parents are on a cruise. Without you.
Yay Monday! Treat yourself to something great today. Eat an extra donut. Take a long lunch. Get outside and soak up some sun! Xo
Hello have a great day
Any artist looking to advance their career visit www.iTunesExposure.com
Pet peeve: people who say "Santa Clause" when not referring to the 1994 Tim Allen movie.
weirdos who get along with animals better than people, and photography buffs
Thanks for visiting us at Addison and Kedzie! A perfect Friday treat!!
If you're not following , DO SO(;
have I sent you an email yet
There is pretty bad service over here... -_-
y'all got some money
Thank you! We want each space to be inviting and comfortable!
welcome. awaiting tweet
i wanna be loved by someone but not used by someone
Sometimes, saying "I love you" first, gives the other person more power. Lesson learned.
RT : To stay hydrated, spread out your water consumption. Don't cram to try to catch up.
Good morning, all!
When making eggs, I never set out to make them scrambled; but that's how they always turn out.
is open today!!! Come and try our lunch buffet 8.95 or Dinner buffet 11.95
LOL that's perfect. I kept calling William's death from the first episode.
(That won't be me, by the way)
Thanks! Hopefully we'll have a couple more #SanDiego brewers on next year's list. *wink
Wow! I am totally impressed with the top 6! Skylar Laine is awesome too!!!!
Ok y'all in a few hours, it's on! 500 people, 500 red umbrellas marching through #treme to challenge #HIV #AIDS in
I didn't think you were gonna do it till you were hanging out the window! Hahaha your my hero
Hey, how's it going man? Was hoping to get that intro footage from you whenever you get a chance.
RT: The main reason I'm glad it's not 1997 is Sugar Ray.
Hows it goin in GB. you know what, you should really become a viking
Its not unlikely for you visit Austin! Follow the Austin PC Twitter!
Plz follow as I will be trying to tweet from both still, but ALOT more from #influxis. Thanks peeps :D
checkout that Meech Dogg single JUICED UP free
I have the hiccups.
Looking for game recommendations for the Wii or Nintendo DS. Wish LA Noire were on Wii
Sign up for gardening class on August 27th at pleasantfarmschicago.com! We will have drinks and snacks during our 2hr workshop at
Hello everyone- hope to talk about the bus of documenrtation & training, what we're looking for and other topics of interest.
You're either in the dough or in the hole
Going to see the #darkesthour hope it's good.
your tweets are lies
getting crazy with pictures :)
Shit, I'm done helping other people. I need to help myself now.
Hey there, (conradfly), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
Ur not watching WM28? paid u for no reason last year & now u dont even watch? Ur a waste of time :)
Where is everyone watching Friday nights season opener??
You're welcome and same to you. Love, many blessing and have a great week!
!! RT Eggfast burritos is so good...winning right now hahah
When your parents are in town and start talking to their friends -___- and your just standing there like Do You Have A Hot Son/Daughter ?
you be sayin all homo
uh oh!!! No more in and out burgers for BG anymore???
Thats wonderful, god bless ;)
Jammeng to all of songs :x tuh this guy is to SEXY!
Love the Chan Man! Forgotten God is a great study!
Tree. Homemade chocolate cream pie. Ron Burgundy.
writing is like death: you don't know where you're going and you have to go it alone.
yeah, I thought of you when I saw that. He didn't go to SYD or BNE did he?
photoshop can only make an OK girl look OKer...u aint bad...
Yes please! :)
thanks for attending! We hope you get some use out of them.
I might like that better!! Sadly, the preview is very much NOT awkward, teen, outsider!Poe. To my sadness!
Facebook Funny Moment of the day is when you have 24 likes to your new FB page and no one will give you the final "Like". "Username Please?"
Someone text me
i have this happy feeling in my heart again <3
I LOVE great customer service and experience. Now, we'd really like a store in Mpls to recycle the capsules!!
Thanks Web, and BTW - huge Props on the article. We dig it!!
Sorry to those who received DMs from the vile "person" who #hacked my Twitter account. Several changes made.
Having a 512 whiskey aged double pecan porter w/ Holy moly its an amazing beer.
Get your orders in EARLY!Print schedule is filling up!Start your orders on our Facebook,or call 720-542-6105...I'm answering the phones!
since he is so patient with her she loves him to death but she sometimes invades his space but overall he is very considerate of her
I have a better chance. She rt'd me.
"All a man can betray is his conscience." - Joseph Conrad
I hear that. Word, ya might say.
Having some iced Green Tea on this gorgeous day! Sure, there's smog, but I'm focusing on the sun! ;) lol!
when you coming to Detroit???
Does anybody have dialogue with other parents about media consumption before sending their kid over?
i loved the 90's!
Gonna make some mashed #butternutsquash tonight. Missing a few ingredients, so substituting other things. We'll see how this goes. :/
via : If you want your children to improve, let them overhear the nice things you say about them to others -Haim Ginott
Bucks are getting jobbed by the refs in Lawrence
Patrick's yoga class at the Hollywood gym is the best! Good find, you guys.
Evolution is fact & completely conflicts with Creationism
every one follow my boy
RT : Give kids the chance to play youth football this summer and check out the new John Hawks Pub on July 12 -...
You're mean. :o
Bro, J.J. Hickson was a big pick up for the Blazers. Ooooooweee. I thought he would go to the Heat.
finished jogging after realizing cif is close for canada's day LOL
hehe i like this. RT : My relationship with #Indianapolis is currently in good standing. DON'T SCREW IT UP CITY. xoxo
Did you hear the Los Angeles Community College District is building green & its one of the nation's largest green construction efforts
Sitting at the gate at the airport and my regular 5am alarm went off.
I swear...sometimez I TRuLY believe that if I could like bitchez I would... Dudez will make You feel some kinda way...
How are you feeling about the #NBA team signups and resignations?
Oh yes to everything about that.
the really never will. Miss you bubbba
Oh my these dresses are hideous. So much for the fabulously fashionable 1920s haha
With summer on the horizon and the pation now open, let us know what YOUR favorite ICE CREAM is!!
There's nothing worse then being in love alone
it's worth thinking about the NYer style as an attempt to replace rather than popularize. Props to LM tho for the Prag anthology.
heh, Claire is reading that now, she says "girls who think these are hot just haven't had fun sex yet"
RT fuckin lit hearing some beats shipped me
#prepping for weekend #camping #getaway in the #desert and #stoked to go #offroad in the
omg ur so pretty
I promised myself I ll never 2nd guess myself or my talent cause its some whack ass artists out here and their confidence is thru the roof
Free Prescription Discounts - Savings up to 20% - Duane Reade - SINGULAIR -
Asked a cop at GE headquarters in Rock Plaza "where are the protesters?" "They're still asleep," he said.
- we got a whole lotta mobile library history we can feed forward. and make it fun now!
Will be speaking with Managing Editor at very shortly
I've watched #flashpoint ALL DAY & I love it
the middle dog doesn't look too happy. lol XD
I get my raise next week aw yeah (Pauly D v)
#NP The Weekend Love Through Her
Awww so cute!! I cant wait till we get a girlfriend for ours :-)
ghostchant257 put your game face on myles.
Whether its risk management or E business, online college programs help you learn the same at any point in life. Call upon us for aid...
in you two. Not here. Not like this. That's what DM's and private messages are for.
trying to get off work so I can join you guys. power in numbers.
Do people actually like the commercials? Man that pig bugs me
lol thanks, I wrote that last tweet before I saw your reply.
I can't wait to see it. I literally have worn the heck out of your song!! It's that good!!:) <3 follow me?;)
"YOU BETRAYED THE LAW!" "LAW"
true but others can't xD
"It's not what you do, its how you do" Lil Wayne
I just want this school year to be OVER
All I want at the end of the day is to kick off my shoes, take my pants & shirt off and have Chris Hemsworth in my bed. Too much to ask for?
Keep 'em coming! From a fellow #mizzou alum, class of '05.
Good morning everyone!!! Who does everyone have to win the #NCAA college bball championship tonight? Kentucky all the way!!!!!
Does Univ of Arizona SID Tom Duddleston have a Twitter presence? His info seems to reach wvu news before tucson news?
depends on object & reason for deaccession. When I was an educator, de-acc'd objs could become teaching objs. +
OMG STOP IT <33333 coño loco tu ta como eh ;) i'd tap that!!!!!
You got this gurrl dig deep!
Love the site, let me know how I can help.
Interesting: "when we think about our faith, at root is not only Christ sacrificing Himself on our behalf, but it's also the Golden Rule"
I am great love! you almost done with school? x
Right, weight loss before becoming pregnant because it increases your chances of becoming pregnant because you are healthier!
I look at my generation and I find #hope... The people in power may call us young and naive but buddy #change was meant to happen
Sounds like a good time. Put some pick up in your giddy up and ride on over to Iron Horse Friday night.
man it was so bad it was turrible.
You had me at hello.
Thank you for the mention.
Grizzlies ready to match any offers sent Marc Gasol's way, have to agree with that. The real question is, would the Celtics deal Rondo?
thank you (:
Huh - white wine in a grilled cheese. Who knew?
. correctly points out that the Terps' won their NCAA title on April 1, 2002. It's the 10th anniversary of it running in print.
Saturday night, hello ;D
We'll have another email going out next week...you never know what kind of deal we might offer!
Going to school!(:
": Some things are just so awkward to say, yet so easy to text."
That spider I killed today bit me while I was sleeping last night. #fml They are my biggest fear.
Providing the musssiiiiicc tonight at bluemoon for temptation Tuesday's!! GRE3NMNKY.com
I feel great! Like Tony the Tiger. It's my Friday, y'all. Have a good one. P.s. dreamt I met
Birthday shout out to !! Have a great day. You deserve it.
#Giro What we're now being shown is an aerial view of Foligno. A nightmare of highways; not a place for the tourist to drive in.
Julian Lennon performed for the Internation Association Against Drugs on this day in 1998. Umm...didn't he do lots of drugs?
the robot will be used for surgery starting in November when inpatient services open at Swedish/Issaquah :)
What made corn flakes great? Frosting. Find your frosting! b gr8 now
“: I heard theres like 7 pregnant girls walking around gbn this year #SMH at 2012”yes.
anyone have LA thrift suggestions....please let us know!
'Bout ta pop off on this betch!
HAVE A BLAST!!! You'll remember this day always. A piece of my heart lies beneath the pitch :-)
plaaaaasee follow me
...winter is coming! can't wait!
Is Alonzo Mourning able to suit up?
Is the welcome page deactivated for FB pages now? Not seeing it happening in timeline as it was before?
there must be some really desperate guys at Georgetown. Must be a sex socialist too spreading it around
"Cialis"... your body is telling you to forget about it...take up Golf!
I don't want to be in class today. Come save me?
Everyone who's on #summerbreak treat everyday like its the last day of summer and do it wearing some Halfcut ;)
Been feeling so anxious lately. I'm so ready to experience different things. It's crazy.
Morning, have a wonderful day!
da beets is easy, grate 'em, saute 'em in evoo. add slivered almonds, white wine vinegar, salt and dill to taste.
Perfect Picture, And Name, And Backround...Haha Triple Threat!
or a woodchuck conference.
We have one of those too! How do we monetize this new tech?
heyy!! Sry today I woke up rly early and then my study hall teacher took my phone :(( so I just saw ur tweet
Happy feeling of heading to lunch with empty inboxes. Dreading returning from lunch to full inboxes.
Man, I'm windering who it was now. That is weird now that you said he was muggin all of us.
I dont have a ride
you think? I had to polish some 100 year old guys teeth today that had month old lunch on his teeth!! Literally 100 born 1912!
I b always ready to knock a bytch out
I'm so glad I'm not alone!
And you only wanted what you can't have And baby you can't have me now, I gave me heart to another
super duper dirty
Guys, can y'all please stop wearing musk now? Thanks!
Dear can you please be a little more enthusiastic when narrating a soccer game?!!!! I want to hear a GOAL!!!! thx
Was too distracted about this time cover business that I totally screwed up Mac n cheese.
#Brewers' closer John Axford approaches Joe DiMaggio's 56-game streak but falls just a few games short.
can u give us a hint??
Who is going to get my biz on #Superbowl Sunday? I'm looking for Hot chicks, #Free food, and wait for it Cheap Beers in
Luxury Land Rover Discovery
I am attending the CALPASC Home Improvement Council Holiday Party tonite!!
What did the times think you made up?
if they just moved here, feel free to share my info... happy to help them get to know the area, if they don't know anyone here.
I had been using my own money, but you brought up a good point! The arsenal I could build with BBG funds would be enormous :)
well then go tell her that
The Haitian Hibachi, Peterson Joseph is a shrimp killer. Til next time.
I've been catching them all on Hulu. I want to see Bombshell on stage!
#Thatawkwardmoment at parties when you read someone else's text and it's about some crazy sex
I'm going to end it right here in traffic. I swear. Been on the road 80 minutes for a normal 20 minute drive.
Not a good start for Monday.
This is why we vibe so well !! I have so much love and respect for you girl!! I appreciate your spirit!
Looking good, os x lion, looking good.
"That will solve everything" and we've had our first memorable Roger Sterling one-liner of the season.
Lets Go Greenbay.
This past week has been extremely busy and extremely rewarding! I am proud to say I was accepted into McNair.
Will Do!
unless it favors your team right?!
Thought for today... It is infinitely better to be for something than to be against everything!
#MyPastRelationships Taught me who not to be with. Lying fucks like you.
Gorgeous day to drive across Pennsylvania
officially - I belong on a dude ranch.
yeah I kind of do that with Point-and-shoot cameras, I want to touch the screen to go to the next image. Damn, Apple! :)
my thoughts Hun. My thoughts
Great hearing your story on NPR
Free chipotle wit the drink ..eatin good
What we need is world pizza..
“ I would like to see art that highlights health inequalities and draws a line in the sand. #s4pm” yes
love you too. Love my fans
LOL! Seriously?! xD My last day is May 24th. We only need to come back if we have a test or something xD
fuuuuck i forgot all about it haha
#WeWontWorkoutIf you can't sing at least one number from Cabaret.
Strasburg helps Nats halt skid w/ 13-K performance...
worst moment of my basketball spectating career. Dang Derek and his perfect lefty shot
The true test of love is showing it and saying it. Be proud of the one you love, Sometimes we forget to do those small things that matter.
did i hurt your feelings? oh, fucking sucks.
you coming back to launch up some half court shots post game tonight?
More Than 1200 Clinicians Attend First-Ever Live Online Psychiatry Congress
Running on one hour of sleep and the day couldn't be going by any slower.
Free shirt? Win a free shirt by LIKING us on Facebook.com/GreatLakesClothingCompany one randomly selected new follower will win a free tee!
MBA Econ final in 30 min. Way too much info. Here goes nothin'
- thanks Tony...such fun having a 16-month-old guru. :-)
Its official, version 7 of Praisable press will launch 5-24-12 the day before the one year anniversary of the site! More info to come soon.
I'm Gonna Lick His Ear Tommorrow...
if money is not an issue... I have another whole list of favs.....
I hope to see a lot of people at Proof tonight for the Network After Work event.
There are a lot of birthdays on this beautiful last day of August and we are shouting them out on facebook!
Ugh , dude hurt my arm !
don't you dare forget
hahahha i JUST fucking read that and thought to myself. In real life she would've got beat the fuck up. But this is twitter.
You can keep your Vegas sideshows. The real magic in the world is salt. Poof... blandness disappears & suddenly I'm the chicken soup champ!
I've already listened to 12 times!!!
Does your upper back always hurts when playing piano?
we'll be there! Cnt wait!!! X
You should really follow this awesome hustler She's one of my good friends and she Barakat's Bitch. Do it for Jack.
Stop in your local or to make a donation to - your local
Frizzy French with pro handles...
best wishes to you and your family this week, Dan.
Who likes new music?
I doubt youu will!! It's gone bee hard to doo
these genius teens on jeopardy make my life thus far feel like a failure.
go to sleep... or text me =)
"When Harry Met Hartmut's Face."
People do not seem to realize that their opinion of the world is also a confession of character. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Watching on the news! I love you guys :)
I may pull a double with my girl today
I know....u can't even text back :p
Looks like we're evaluating a Weimaraner and a retriever/Pit Bull terrier mix over the weekend. Then another Weim early next week.
my resolution is to eat as much as possible so I will help u by helping me lol
#FF Thank you! Hope you're doing well! :)
good luck
nice meeting you via John 3:15 Blog Hop. Keep up the good work!
We're troubleshooting some issues with our API consoles, so if they're not working for you, please stand by.
RT Obama's in LA to promote his "Forward" campaign slogan, which is ironic since he'll be the only one moving forward in traffic.
Drove by "Gazeem Funeral Home" today and now Aladdin is on TV.
Happy New Years my love!!! Wishing u the pinnacle of success in 2012!!! :) xo
has the prettiest eyes :)
But you don't! RT This week sucks...
Happy Saturday friends! Looking forward to a day/night of fun!
i meant to ask, are you familiar with ? i'm a fan.
I really don't think 2 ppl should've never been yelled at in my government class get rid of those 2 boys n we'll be good!
Seriously, TK? Seriously?
If people are trying to bring you down it only means that you are above them.
visit BBR for a cocktail...duh!
I swear I could watch coach carter every minute of every hour of every day.
Our blogs feed directly into the social site so you can see all of the videos & politick with 'ohana" from around the world!
is the nicest food truck. Yummy too. Moroccan chicken sub w/ pineapple. They even gave me chips! See you again soon.
We have a Twitter account for those who live or visit Abilene, Texas!
#childhoodtv -- Zoey101!! "I know you see me standing here Do I look good my dear? Do I look good today? Oh I'm just another kind of girl"
Just waking up !!!
RT Really? I'll bite : Don't be a jackhole, tweet something w/ #MKETwestivalCares tag. gets a dollar.
Thanks for the #FF shout out.
I was gonna do that but I thought youd get mad or something./:
Amen! Esp educators- isn't SM just a virtual form of outreach?
e-Transaction screen reports are starting to be run more often! Looks like it's time to make sur ereports are done by the experts.
“: Use your ministry to build people, not people to build your ministry.”
“: Congrats to , whose album "Tuskegee" was certified platinum just 5 weeks after its March 26 release!”
@ jonathanemartin #creativity is the key to success in the future
So... How many of the players we just cut will end up in New England next year??
Shaking off the cobwebs and doing some summer updates for #ana-themrecords.com. Long overdue.
i'm a kiss up to all the right people <U+E417>
Sigh...no luck finding a house in Monterey, CA yet. It seems to be a case of extremes, too small or too big...and no price quite right. :(
Throwback Thursdays with and Sarah!
I had a feeling he was gonna win!!!
Getting excited for Mexico but trying in your bikini at home alone is the saddest feeling
To be a teacher in the right sense is to be a learner. ~Soren Kierkegaard
yess!! it will get there soon enough!
How much did we love the thunderstorms last night! I woke up & thought I saw Noah & the arc outside my window... Happiness is summer storms!
good work!
Jacqui Miller: Audrey Hepburn's glamorous star persona blinds us to Holly Golightly's less positive traits.
I'm going to leave the restaurant picking to you guys since I haven't been there in a while haha. But in other
Bye bye old blackberry, I will miss you.
I voted for you.
Why, what's going on in the Chicago music scene today? Rep a band and need to be in "the know."
Literally the most ignorant thing ive ever heard. "if you've gotta D you shouldnt be aloud to graduate."
omg thats so sad my gosh
Sexxiest Swagg Model Search DON'T MISS OUT for a chance to win a Trip 2 Vegas !!!! Hosted by (Contact Lena for more details)
I get nervous when I read a scope & sequence that has "right click", "enter a URL" and "Perform Boolean searches"
Can We get new pics of U Guys
I feel you. New York is making me feel that about Boston.
Surfin the net 2day reminded me of my Army days in the field in my jeep blackout drive no nightvision goggles.
they thirsty ass.
my mom was struck in the face by one of those helicopters at the mall. Have you ever done a story on the safety of them?
Hah so true.. Amazing how apple is making suckers out of us
ahh crap... Sorry about that. I totally understand how much that sucks. We're looking into that.
tragic I guess I lost ur number on september 4th a long with a lot of other people. My bad!
Thanks for following!
you have great parenting skills.
y'all, i just love 90's pop music & videos so much. i immediately get sucked back to watching TRL after school. list of favorites to follow
Tired, waiting up for teenage son to come home from movies, I'm feeling my age at the moment,ugh!
What?! I hope you complained. Loudly!
(belatedly) Thx, Wendy!
Thanks lol. We will see you guys in the season opener so its going to be a war as always
I love you. That is all.
Cookie monster to veggie monster to antioxidant monster. its inevitable.
Anndy Hoiser! You rock our socks off!!! Thank you for being so rad! Sending love at you from across the river! <3
yes I would
Shout to my brother for putting me on to the benefits of shoe insoles
Lmao!!! RT : Stashed hella mothers day cards in Walmart yesterday. Went back to find em all still in tact <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
When is it?
kristi is hosting PBS arts fest program the little mermaid tomorrow & worked with before
help me out peopel with more followers plz :D THX
Watching Real Steel right now. Fucking great movie. Aha. Shows how no matter where you start off you can become more than you can ever think
Check out our Allure Wig, right here on our twitter profile & let us know what you think!! www.drwiggys.com or email
Off Top and I'm sorry to disappoint you lol but I didn't get an A on the test I got B+ tho that test was hard as hell tho
I was cruising the Nordstrom site and just can't believe women would pay top dollar for some of those travesties.
I always wake up at 6am, always.
RT : thinking of taking some last min charity entries for Team MNM in the on 3.18.12
Special hair removal lasers are best for removing hair in more darkly pigmented patients-the Nd:YAG.
I slept through it, but a couple of my friends got up and scored 1 each! Saw a preview last night. I might have to buy one now
Happy birthday to my three loves of my life and !!!!!!!
new icon and BG
Fact: During #sex you burn as many calories as #running for 8 kilometers... BUT Who the hell runs 8 kilometers in 30 seconds?
followed! I got you.
Late to work, but Idc really they know id be a little slow moving today!
Chapter 2012 85 of 366 The path is clear, it's time to move in quickly...no time for sleep nor slumber
I'm deeply conflicted about this.
#uwm library is giving out ramen / selling 25 cent books under south overhang.
:) all of them
Finally the New Directions win!!
yeah yelawolf radioactive
every time I hear " The One That Got Away" I think of you! Hahaah
lol I like that people have freedom
Happy hour is over but the nachos are looking good. Don't drink on an empty stomach party people!
The President knows where to go to get the youth vote:
I just yelled at my lunch cuz it was boring. Wish I had some magical cooking skills...
Ewww there's a spider crawling down my wall, who wants to come kill it for me??
Thank you for the link!
its really hard to get noticed by 'big' people But lexxi is going for american idol she does town events now.
For #EDC I'm going to buy 2 ounces of weed. 1 once will be to roll up blunts and the other ounce will be for the pipe <U+2764><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+263A>
Airline service has gone down the tube. I wish more people would freak out on power obsessed flight attendants more often!
If anyone knows anyone who needs a roommate in the los Angeles area, let me know!
If one is lucky, a solitary fantasy can totally transform one million realities. -Maya Angelou
ah ha sorry about that ... old tweet. I will have a demo here next week. Give me a week will followup then.
Thanks for the support!
yes katrina, shania has the same number.
Love using my phone in school
apple tv.
had a wonderful #6v81 discussion on twitter and face to face abt social capital, thanks to and Tom and students.
Operation: Kill The B*tch!
I don't suppose there's anything for #Awake in that magic NBC bag, is there.
RT New house music at work. And some good tracks I'm dancing here
Once again sorry I missed ur call.i tried2call u back but you were offline. I promise 2 marrow:00 get online&ill call u<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
Called the score and a goal scorer before the match started...bought lottery tix today...
Na jonesy is at least capable of human emotions
twitter is bein stupid right now so goodnight:]
I dunno, me spilling that wine was a bit of a gaffe...
The fact that #stopkony is trending right next to #youowemehead really exemplifies the world we live in.
Tim, thanks for following me!
Is anyone else seeing their Facebook feed hyperpopulated with socialcam and viddy?
#nce11 merit pay has never produced better results
Mom- you have to admit that even Bob Dylan doesn't look like Bob Dylan in that photo. Looks like he's dabbling in blonde highlights
words going around that u give free anal rim jobs.
I act how I want to cuz Imma cold blooded person
So grateful thankful and lucky. :)
i enjoy the #ravens getting ass fucked out of a touchdown by the refs and i hate you too
yes, my pandora has been on HOLIDAY since the middle of october. I'm not even sorry :)
LOITER SQUAD <3
Sounds like you need some inspiration :P
Love it! I should be the star of my family's Christmas card next year.
Really 11:09pm, why can't day start here.
Stannier: build a staircase not a sieve
Thank you for the breakfast & dvds. you made getting up at 7am worthwhile.
come on girl
Jericho said his statement that he is not when you do not return to the ring: "It was a joke =)"
Al of our seniors made this year awesome for me and they deserve a huge BDB
I can't wait to see your halloween costume.
man where has been...we need to hit up some bars very very soon
Follow and RETWEET your friends! Wessssttttttt!
Haha. Realized i replied to the wrong person: I said "I think he can get a pass on cyberinfrastructure" though a teachable moment?
I'm not going to be able to lift my arms above my head tomorrow!
When you find the right person to spend the rest of your life with, that strong feeling of love will surpass any obstacle.
RT : If you run over your time at #LAK12 you will be heckled by the laughing kangaroo < which makes ME laugh, too!
Musicians don't retire; they stop when there's no more music in them. - Louis Armstrong
not when it's bc I left my shirt at home and dropped $60 on a new one.
Nope no love
I guess I should start heading to school
S/O to everyone thats graduating from college im pretty sure its not and easy thing to do but you did it so congrats to you :)
You were one of the reasons I went to Bard.
I was wondering the same thing. I could barely tell he wasn't wearing them from where I'm sitting!
I'm trying to be proactive&reach out. Scheduling the time in my calendar
Quickly followed by "whoa I kissed my sister..."
ill beat it by Friday. Sleep isn't necessary, but you guys are!
Thanks, Cortney! :D
I've been asked to perform 'Twas the Night Before Christmas at a show next weekend to benefit Whidbey Animals' Improvement Foundation.
Unenployed, dirty and weird, but I'm still your daughters best option!
YOUTH TRAVELING BASKETBALL TEAMS - Be a part of the Peace Day 2011 Basketball Tournament for FREE!!! For more information, contact us NOW!
When in Baltimore for a game, we counted O's gear on about six people vs. thousands of Sox fans. Daughter felt sorry for them
So great seeing you TWICE yesterday!! Xx
Follow the Homecoming Committee at
watsup shoot me a text....four one two..four five two....two seven zero four..
Looking forward to seeing you guys next week. We're having a little party Friday night if you're in town early.
omg, HIHIHIHIHIHIHIHIHIHIHIHIHIHIHIHIHIHIHIHIHIHIHIHIHI!..HI,to you too, :)
Goodmorning! :D finally up. . . Wait -_- its pretty damn early still lol.
Go on
Old avi back
The way you waalk that's sweet, the way you taalk that's sweet <U+266B>
Yay! Let's fly kites!!!
Tonight's cooking was Japanese, thanks to our friend Yuko visiting from New York. We all enjoyed it.
what about Jerry Sloan?
On front rail for my morning jacket jazzfest show!
miss you too im always thinkin of you <3 text me
And double birds to you too Monday...
DERRICK ROSE = MVP
I give up. Something is causing my door not to close. I'm probably going to get killed standing outside. I JUST WANT TO GET HOME SAFE.
"Real heroes are those who have the courage to love, laugh, and live full tilt, despite the hand they’re dealt.”<U+2015>Kute Blackson
just listened to your podcast-great job!!
Calling people their full name>>
Omg my hubby made the best prime rib!! Fed the whole family on what one serving would've cost in a restaurant, and it tasted BETTER!
dick head
Second bottle of gruet in t minus 3 min
has she ever been bullied? If so, does she have any advice for other kids?
Focused on my future
Tickets are selling- FAST! VIP still available but some are upping their tickets to VIP so they will go FAST! Don't be left out!
He needs to be dismissed from the program. Classless!
Please redraw the mega millions numbers. Kay thanks.
We will be there! Stop by the booth and introduce yourself.
Just wanted to wish you a happy Friday! Hope your day goes well and your heart stays big! CHEERS!
I'm sexy and I know it :)
Much respect to that Gold Record, but show at old school cat like myself you can go in on the fly!
Long day... but - the last shipment (that I'll be involved in, at least!) left our Historical Society today!
me my dad and my sister
Im def bout to cry
Look for a new bank, I guess!
What makes coaching at the end of the year challenging?
Mitt Romney? MT : Wht French Premier corrected the moderator's description of his past career by humbly noting his own bad english
Do as the pro's do, Omega 3's supplements given to many pro athletic players thought to help "protect" brain from injury.
what u doing today?
We're starting to plan our next Young Preservationist Happy Hour. Any suggestions of bars or neighborhoods to visit?
Fuck that, you gotta go for yours.
Nothing but COLD HARD facts ova this way bitch!
I love sarcasm... I just hate the people that use it
RT : Can't thank you guys enough -- glad you liked it!
INDEED,Babe! KNOWLEDGE bcomes WISDOM in due time. ;-) 1 should ALWAYS b able 2 answer d question " IS THAT U UNDER THAT SKIN?"
wide awake & I need to be sleeping! Nothing like buying a house before Christmas and then trying to get it done on time
Feel you RT NyQuil is truly my friend on these long ass flights.
moving to LA in two weeks!
Won't keep my voice down Know the words I speak are the thoughts I think out loud
yes girl and sky high heels !
please follow me (:
Do you think #Digital #Learning should be approached in colleges as a course?
forgot the NFL draft is tonight
just got home :) you?
Tweeting is my INTERNET Life
Got to renew my love for burning paint off of woodwork yesterday. What will I do when there's no more woodwork left to strip in my house?
Columbus obviously calls for sloppy nights for some people
Call ! MT Yet another request for information about the tuition proposal was DENIED by #NMSU public relations.
We dont know about the rest of Lexington but we here at Lexington Commons are tired of all this heat!! Ready for a cool down.
“Yes, risk taking is inherently failure-prone. Otherwise, it would be called sure-thing-taking.”
My natural environment is to be surrounded by blacks and mexicans
Dear sweet followers of mine, PLEASE FOLLOW you can get a shout out too, if you win a round of guess the song! xx
follow because he's a bitch. Nah just follow him,he really wants 6k followers lol.
Whew... Never had a convo and it was the wrong person... only during an IM.... LOL now that sucks!
yeah, I know. Seriously? Well that was the best 3 hours of my life -___-
rest of bad qirls club, fantasy factory , then bed <3
That's freakin' awesome.
The loveliest masterpiece of the heart of God is the heart of a mother. ~St. Therese of Lisieux
(3/3) help employees support their favorite charities via !
Boys had cooties when I was in third grade! ;)
It'sa beautiful day in NYC but for some reason I'm wound up tighter than a reality star before a sobriety check.
Yep... my moms singing I'm so proud of you lol
I was absolutely in love with Siamese Dream and walked out halfway through that Pumpkins set. Terrible.
Yay! is playing my fave Wedding Present song right now.
Money Saving Tip #27: Cancel unused club memberships.
dont come in before 11 though... See ya tomorrow!!
let me check on that.
If Kane has good trade value then the Hawks should strongly consider it. Too small. Not enough production.
I think anyone with the url.
You know what you should do? Follow ! Just press that follow button. Pretty please with a cherry on top? <U+E046><U+E43F><U+E347>
shit i need to bring up my grade in world geo and world history... my mom's going to kill me.
just got my twitter
no worries! hope life treats you well ;) XO
Clutch RT : My boss said leave at 4 pm and go enjoy the sunshine. I'm clearly not going to argue.
Err.. Xcode. Ha!
30-day Fitness Challenge: Establishing a New Habit : Girl Power Hour
Just played Sonic the hedgehog 4 Episode I on my Wii. I'm thinking about getting Episode II for my iPod soon the graphics look awesome! :)
People are pissing me off. And my dumbass teacher made us come out side to sit for an hour with no shade. I wanna go home.
High pressure A/C? I need something to cool off both levels! We're forced down to the guest bedroom & couches when it's not!!
Nothig screams 'insecure' more then doing the 'duck face' in all your pics!
Damn my stomach boiling.
I really don't see it as that big a deal; women who chose not to have children are a minority; it will not stop man-kind....
That reminds me I need to get new ones.
Belafonte supported a program to bring Kenyan students to the U.S. for study & exchange. One student was Barack Obama Sr.
What a beautiful day in Boston! Come enjoy great food and drinks on the patio!!
yes yes I do! listening to it right now!
No Joke here, I just had a customer tell me she had a problem with the lactating acid in her legs.
fellow Ohioan! Come play Quizzo with us so we can talk about how awesome Ohio is!
#Honestly , Last night was amazing(;
Getting together with the people soon to practice the music, where are you ?
Want to get started working at an ad agency? We've got a job for you. DM me now.
"blah blah tenacious blah blah blah blah tenacious blah tenation blah blahh blah blah TENACIOUS" ...
The payback is the weather this weekend. Sunny skies, highs around 70. Pollen will get rough, but take your meds & enjoy the sun.
It is hard to find stuff. I feel like a lot of stuff that goes in the print edition isn't online right away.
Duke is going to lose this one
no dont go to sleep u about to hear sum twitter late night
Thank you Clem!
Daily Sketch Writing Suggestion: a pair of see-through linen pants, a thunderstorm, what should have been a nice walk in the park with dad
congrats mama!
Good morning everyone! It's raining here :(
Think back to the Hunger Games. Got it? Now replace Katniss and Peeta with you and Greyson...
I'm gonna be an asshat and blow up 's notifications, being the annoyingly wonderful sister I am(:
Just one play away
Curb Your Enthusiasm finale was kinda meh. Julia Louis-Dreyfus seemed annoyed abt her unfort. subplot. Drink glass table rings. Hm.
I'm not smart, i'm just not an idiot.
I'd love to see you guys remaking The Music Box.
“: #GoLAKings is currently the #2 worldwide trending topic. Very nicely done for a 10 AM hockey game. #HashtagBattle!”nice work DWs
that's my fave activity. Your sis and g'ma and I would be fast friends.
they're spending "family time" together Jordan tried to shut it down, then they put Isaac to bed & closed the door
Been struggling with nails of the week posts nothing is turning out good enough to feature! :/ hm trying a new look now....
Looking to make my New Year a 2012 to remember. I'm on a mission of success and broadening my horizons!
orange/coral!
My mom is so beautiful, I can't be her daughter
started with math (grades 3-8); now testing reading lessons.
Jack in the box tacos + Girlfriend + Zomebieland= <3
are you trying to get me to call you again?
tits seem cleaner.. U can play with em all u want. Ass gets stinky if u slap it around too much...the sweat build up reeks
Why does Gretchen wear a Kim Kardashian amount of makeup to a mud run?
Im a jealous person :( it sucks
back to bed
Come do a show in Dallas please!!!! :-)
After 8 years of shameless Bush neocon swagger, the GOP claiming that Obama is "spiking the ball" is laughable.
I just can't imagine being me without you.
me too...sorta:/
gopher:// is my favorite node on the arpanet.
anytime white chocolate that's just what I do
Time to find a hobby with all this time off. Maybe I'll find a 100,000 piece puzzle. That should keep me busy til baseball season
are you hyped for Teen Wolf season 2?
Trying to be blissaplined
it's too long.
About those bugs in the installer...
I wanna party and bullsh*t. That's just how we do!
I'm so done
It was so wonderful to finally meet the one and only ! You're just as lovely in person as you were over phone/email.
sounds fabulous. Where r u guys?
Sorry to disappoint but I was not in costume, ha. (I had come from a prior engagement.) Next time!
#5 Red Carpet Club "right now" on the Indie Top Ten Plus One Radio Show www.blaze.wwradio.net
Decided to officially "stop" after this weekend
Remarks by the Postal Service Board of Governors Chairman and Postmaster General - MarketWatch (press release)
Happy early birthday!! :)
I'm following them it's like building a SEAL team it takes work!
They brought back "avatar: the last airbender" bur its called "the legend of korra" now :D super happy!!!!
Guys in cardigans.<3
Who played the homeless guy on tonight's episode?
Idk man I just want to take me to Olive Garden #SALTYMOMENT - :p haha. <3 love you
If the Chicago region were a country, it would be the world’s 20th largest economy. (excerpt from: A Plan for Economic Growth and Jobs)
“I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.” Thomas A. Edison
WHO WANTS A SHOUT OUT FOR TODAY FIRST GO FOLLOW .. IM CHECKING...
I'm overdosing on Christmas music,... its coming too fast!
I just realized I've had an iPhone since august and I haven't ever used the FaceTime thing.
TRUTH. RT hey guys, follow she makes the best pasta
I think #BlackCatBar is ready for you. Are you ready for #BlackCatBar?
At what point is #news no longer " #Breaking "?
Sorry to be snarky about it. We did enjoy our dinner very much.
I MISS YOU!
being a #Directioner doesnt mean that im not a #Belieber anymore so dont be talking $%^# (;
Faith is taking the first step, even when you don't see the whole staircase ~ Martin Luther King, Jr. |
I agree with that 100% babe
I'm working on the six traits all children need to learn to be successful in life for the homeschooling folks.
I forgot to wish you a Happy Birthday....so yppaH yadhtriB eilleK. Hope you had a great day!!
the beat of music or the beat of someones heart
I love me some Clos Pegas!
prob the only english u knew at tht time
Is there a review of The Wanderer in the latest issue (Daleks on the cover)?
On , : 9/11 a punctuation point in post-cold war world. Beginning of end of American dominance.
Thanks for being so cool!
The Mystery of the Missing Keys. Solved by solidly brilliant detective work - they were in my back pocket. ;)
“: Can we stop calling it Wildcat? He's a QUARTERBACK!” ..... Kinda, sort of, but not so much
Thank goodness for a charismatic music director - tech issues on stage for #turandot and ballpark simulcast
Man Night - Buffalo Wild Wings - 19th & Iola - 9:30PM - Be there or be square!
So much love to give.
I'm sorry, but some of these people just sound crazy
CONTINUATION FROM EPISODE 4 OF TOUGH LOVE NEW ORLEANS TONIGHT AT 8/9pm!!!!!! MAKE SURE YOU WATCH!!!!!!
Makeup for a short film for and brunch with and friends
Ha ha! I should've know mum would've seen it already. ;-)
Yeah...the grape LOBBY! (Actually I LOVE grapes, I don't know why I'm complaining).
no comment Wayne
FB, Twitter, Pinterest, email, website - lots of places | RT : Q4: How do you promote your blog posts?
Loved tonight's episode, the first Lady was awesome.
Obama is more conservative than Ronald Reagan when you look at actual policy... the parties exist to benefit the rich.
thanks for the #ff yesterday!!! Hope you're having fun in Louisiana (:
Talking abt customer loyalty & why that starts with a great customer experience
Cole Adkins is our strategic accounting analyst and consultant! His work is unparalleled!
LA Gonna Get The Win ..... Watch..
umm... i'm exhausted!
... Titans examiner = hillbilly news ... Don't believe a word
I'm sure you all are enjoying it! RT. Winter on the West Coast, it's gonna be a beautiful night!
i really didn't wanna get out of my bed this morning..
and a lot of us adults love the chicken sandwiches
Major fail today. Your survey/poll creation service really let me down. Sent feedback email. Look for it, please.
Interviews are like tattoos. No matter how many I have/get, I still get nervous as hell. Sheeesh.
My sense is that the market manipulators are going to take a run at pulling the DOW positive today. I would not bet against them.
Oh: I'm really not concerned about what you think or say.
Happy Women's Day!
how thus change yo name on da app
good. been suffering bad allergies but good.
Just saw Teenage Paparazzo, and now I'm curious to know how you felt about fame and stardom before you ever became famous..?
its so clean and shiny. Where are the grease marks?
SPECIAL CONGRATS to our #GoodGuy & #Inspiration \e. Hurt hand and all.. you ROCK!!!
see you there! & naaahhhh. I wish tho. I was just asking.
Dan we are on. Following your work. We take the time to see your video. We copy & send also to , our mother boat.
Dude lets leave now this library is not a pleasant place
well i didn't put colors in anyone's else's hair today
Feel like if I watch the new Google Chrome commercial drunk I might bawl.
Yes, there's a B&N that's probably putting one Borders out of business. I don't have a preference; I want both!
Thanks for the s/o... keep doing what you do!
yo... we don't talk about Unfinished Business
#NYR starting it off right!!! Good job putting the puck on net so far.... Hank > your goalie.... #LGR !!!!
good luck and beat that pansy also known as Edge
I saw a few several out here. I'm going to try and visit one.
Hume disagrees somewhat with report claim that faculty don't value electronic repositories. What about what we see in the humanities?
Just had an interesting debate on difference between social darwinism&natural selection. Sad it was in need of clarification
Some of you even didn't went to school & didn't go home. Please guys... Your healthiness is the most important <3 Thank you so much. Xoxo.
yes, like usual, the entire world has it completely wrong & US is the only one that *really get* how boring soccer really is
What is happening indeed?!
"couple code" = coupon code, duh.
I'd like to talk with you about using one of your photos for a book cover.
It's just cadets having fun. I thought both to be creative.
Irony: O's get 6 in the second inning against a pitcher he so desperately wanted. Yet, that was when he was still electric and a Marlin.
Always appreciate the wonderful support from ! Great job at promoting & supporting the community!
what's missing in #grefine for you?
you don't know bout jam.
like what? Help me out >.<
Dont have time for regrets
Hey Sorry! my last msg didnt go thru but I just hit u again
Well, it all started with the great vowel shift back in.....wait...darn 140 characters...
Gamin it bitch <3
oh boy, get ready. Guaranteed you'll hate it.
Henry Thomas, the cute little boy who befriended E.T., turns 40 today. Holy turds.
Welcome back! I hope you had excellent travels.
Whats this mean for the 49ers now that Smith is looking elsewhere?
just give it a tappy tap taparoo
chicken and crab melt there is good stuff
how do invites work?
Favorite=Like Button LMAO
how u find me on here
Shooting #bridal editorial today with and ! So excited!
The Cedars social... St. Ann's... Venturing out tonight! Great girls night!
True, except he slammed that particular sub in the face with his elbow.....
Ah, financial planning: RT if we rob a bank together later, can you say it was just research? RT
Admit it. At one point in your life you pretended that the floor was hot lava and if you stepped on it you'd die.
LMFAOOO dying at situation right now.
If you are brave to say GOOD BYE, life will reward you with a new HELLO.
thank you sweet girl :)
india lil wayne concert august 23
My day has been a mixture of hunger, anger, and boredom.
Fire Cupid? Tell me more
John has officially confirmed that Jelaney Exists so
Voy a comer
stud at disposal = Beach = Hamptons. Music = me singing. The pieces r in place all u have to do is organize it!
It isn't the mountains ahead to climb that wear you out, it's the pebble in your shoe
...and like I cannot force the sun to rise or hasten summer's start, neither should I rush my way into your heart.
#WaysToBeginSex Argue first!
Thank you! You too.
I just made the best Spanish rice EVER!!!
i know its gonna come back to bite me in the ass tomoro mornin but goin out tn anyway
I'd be so happy to see Breaking the Waves on It's one of von Trier's best, and I had to see it on a crappy, non-anamorphic DVD
Lebanon, PA is on showtime right now. We did the audio post on this movie... is an awesome director!
WHERE is this. #gorgeous. And Haha my first pick would be a London apartment
Hola! Thanks for following back and have a super weekend!
drops TODAY.
alex rossi w/ a 3-pointer to give national the win over the american team ... nationals 136, american 133!
Thanks for the A CITY OF BROKEN GLASS giveaway RTs!
You beat me by a half hour in the Rip van Winkle contest.
4 members have already completed EVA's Book in a Year challenge! Congrats! Several more have committed to finishing their book by May 31st!
The pool is rockin'! We are going in to the night with our Full Moon Night Time Swim Party featuring DJ Sydney Blu! Get ready to party Sc...
#Congratulations to Seniors Frank Arute, Kelly Collett & Tim Wilwert for receiving 1st place for their POPACs design at the AIAA conference!
maybe I can get help to get my employee acct ... Fraud with boa, and cant open anything in system
:O NICKI! Look up there gullible written on the ceiling!
I need to get this bump on my back checked out.
Bright and early on a #sat morning in #vegas. Its a great day for some
Doesn't matter. You're still abusing tax payer dollars by watching public programming.
~ Perfectly. The view is fabulous! :)
Glory in his holy name; let the hearts of those who seek the LORD rejoice. 1 Chronicles 16:10
Listening to Explosions in the Sky while reading Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close has been such a great idea
If black suits are for funerals, sounds like they'd also be good for wearing to just about any date I go on.........
At the next Art Drinks, we're giving away a gift certificate to Pantheon Popsicles, makers of gourmet popsicles with local ingredients!
Thanks . I hope you are having a wonderful Saturday!
RT - Chelsea and New England Patriots today. Tough assignments for the Patriots trip to the 2 and 1 Raiders, I don't...
naw you wont trust me its the youth service for ages 18-30 yu will be fine i promise
Hey Geoff! I am sorry you feel that way. Can you email supportseattle at uber dot com? Thanks!
Another turnover on downs? We only needed a yard too ...
Katie and I planned that shes marrying James Franco&I'm marrying Dave,and then we'll be sister in laws.yup.
#FF Stylist specializing in haircuts, braids, weaves, color, facials & waxing services for men, women & children.
Yes! But I guess I'll have to start planning for the future now...
nice! I had one for 3. It's crazy!! Haha
We all love that kid who entertains the class by disrespecting the teacher but somehow "never" gets in trouble.
I want to think that but I also feel like that's idealistic.
Gah! I knew I forgot something. I'll try to post it tomorrow.
Morning. Rough getting that energy up today but gotta 2 it. I cannot wait 2 view a lil rome tennis later. Curious about that 105.1 interv.
Attention: If you been out of town this weekend and you back home safe! FollowBack: let me no 1st u home than tell me how it was! I'm SAYN!
Graphic design for branding, web, and print. Visit my online portfolio: www.michaelcalixtro.com
Thanks for the RT!!
YOU GUYS!!! YOU ARE MAKING ME FANGIRL kalshjashalkjshahs THIS IS NOT HEALTHY AT ALL! SHAJKAHSKAJH PURE CUTENESS
I am roasting here. #Nats need to catch up on this 3rd inning
so y'all came to the gym to take pictures of you and your fat friend "working out" huh
understandable. i had to leave early because of that. you better be there thursday.
lol that was supposed to say F*R*I*E*N*D*S cuz i'm starting to watch that series again lol...and thanks for visiting jadah!
I am trippn ppl think I'm short.... I 6'4 in high school...smh
I should be thanking you
Where there's no sense there's no feeling!
Can't wait to share the "A Fine Musician" book app with my preschool students in the library. It's so interactive!
Teen Wolf Finale is amazing so far! <3
I appreciate that retweet sir. Much love and respect
Coat checking tonight, come say hi and check out Xylos, Beacon, and Grimace Federation!
#RIP Maurice Sendak
Men will be men, Boys will be boys, and an Ass is an Ass..
Fmr VP Dick Cheney recovering at Inova Fairfax Hospital from Heart Transplant. Trayvon Martin rally reports. News4 at 11
New #IDSA video on medical device markets & design: www.plasticsnews.com/video.
A rough day at work makes it OK to spend $5 on a latte, right?
I would pay to see that!
the fml moment when u realize that the pizza man has been standing outside ur door for the last 10 minutes knocking lol he got a tip$$:O
I find it interesting when ppl I enjoy following have passive aggressive beef w/ someone. Case in point: & Erik Spoelstra.
Just yelled "If you love the you will vote for !" out the window and it worked! Except for Bob.. He's a Philly fan..
omg that video was flawless #tweettweetlikeabird ;)
Caribou lou
Just caught my friend looking all Hollywood awesome on TV with &
i got make up remover in my eye and it still burns
Let's go time to start winning again!
I just saw two shooting stars c: Looking for more.
Can we have permission to unfollow a library that just uses Twitter to broadcast 5 back-to-back announcements once each weekday?
; Sometimes two people have to fall apart to realize how much they need to fall back together.
haha will do!
I didn't get to see the international show once god damn it
Who lives in #palmbeach or #delray ? I want to connect with my constituents...DM me and let me know what your concerns are!
Rt ": Good night beautiful Tweeps! Sweet marshmallow dreams <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><U+2728><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><U+2728><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>" Yum =) Night E!! xo
I guess #tajboyd is seeing that #gamecocks defense is way above average..his jersey is green..lol...#clemson..eating his words
That is a good thing. Keep going.
when the pimps in the crib ma drop it like its hott ...
If you're in or around #London UK tomorrow, be sure to visit | They are holding a MainEvent to cap off the #RSOP 2012 |
Good luck to all the runners and a "thank you" to the thousands of volunteers of this weekend's !
.I wishh I had another player right here next 2 me (: we would be fuckin shit up!
Wearing those in 8th grd automatically gave me street cred. Wouldn't have dared walk the Franklin halls w/o them.
YW!! Thank You for YOUR group & for what you do for Bullying Awareness & Prevention!
Q: What's your go to stocking stuffer?
- I love you beautiful (:
I saw them she showed me lol
I already found my favorite bachelor! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Merry Christmas to everyone on twitter, this has been the best christmas for me:)
We'll see if we can drink away that unnecessary desire for success
I sure hope so! Haha and btw we need to hang out soon Missy you working as a DA??
yeahh i pretty much died when i first saw it.
...I thought you were shaking my hand?
this week will be the last full week of school!! only 9 school days left and 20 days til graduation :)
are you awake, girl? Ck your FB messages. ;)
I also think this is before I added a ton more green. And the recipe came from your favorite undead/ghost Movie of all time.
hey babe:-) am I your Valentine Candice
Somebody talk to me about Prezi. has me jonesin' to play with it after seeing one of hers. Worth it?
I miss you love (:
I DO!
I freakin love mindless behavior!
": You're doing well tonight nerd fights at once and " damn I can't see the other one
They would be in a state of... (puts on shades) Anger.
Its Friday.. I need some SUN. Its been cloudy all week here in the City... P/U/S/H/ Everyone have a god weekend
good :) drive careful on your way back :P
Also, I don't know about you, but I didn't assault anybody for being "different" when I was 16
And WI loses jobs. ": Corporate republic of Fitzwalkerstan took a big blow today as mining bill goes down 17-16. Thanks to all..."
Suffice to say the list of shows not to watch is WAY longer than the "to watch" one.
1br in a large 2br Woolen Mills apt 4 rent! Peace, river, garden, bookshelves, cat, all good stuff. .
Yes I'm a bitch: B- beautiful i- intelligent t- talent c- captivating h- heavenly. So by all means call me by my name
Home, all on list accomplished (saving the world only % complete). Working now on my wiki. Next week is a BIG week...ACDA things.
I wonder how did on the links yesterday-- Can't wait to see him later in the week.
Woo hoo! RT : did you hear? Scandal got renewed for Season 2!
but then ill have to start over at 0 followers.
'Bodybuilding is growing as a sport' - Sowetan
Anyone have cardboard boxes to loan or donate?
Just got back from the Avengers. It was hysterical. Go see it—and make sure to stick around till the end of the credits.
F.Y.I>>#Taurus do not need to meet anyone new unless it has something to do with business and that person is qualified otherwise STFU...
hahah hell yeah
Kings game
All in all I learned a lesson from it, I neva saw you comin but I watched to see you go.
you still can go?
BOYS:If you call a girl fat, shes gonna spend the rest of her life starving herself #Words Hurt
Happy birthday Mr. Dylan
Attending tomorrow's mtg featuring ? Don't forget your canned goods benefiting !
Of course, Silly. I just hadn't told Caroline.
Seriously just sitting here replaying ' be mine ' By and
oh god, i know the feeling.
y'all lying to me !
Why do you have two first names?
Bad Girl's Club was pretty good last night,my girl Camile ain't no punk. Did'nt know so many peeps hate Gia!
My thoughts exactly!
One of my favorite things about Texas - boots are always in season! Bye Austin .... Until next year
when ur gonna have a Sweet 15 and u want to be their but u know that that will never happen but it cool :')'
I hate my nose !!! Grrr
Get out there and be someone!
Agree. I have no clue what is behind Filner's strategy. He has a strong personality. He is coming across as a "wet noodle."
Kenny Hilliard is just a freshman? Dude's a beast.
"What great thing would you attempt if you knew you could not fail?" Robert H. Schuller
I wish i was kendall jenner
you will never be "former" anchor as far as I'm concerned. Wait... that sounds weird. Uh... Want to play golf soon?
And also vote complete! “This is confirmation of your ballot being successfully submitted for the 50. PUBLIC LIBRARY ASSOCIATION…”
man i hope they come to la aside from coachella...
Kepler Lucas :I bark because I miss you. There I said it. Now hurry home.
There's a fire inside, a fire that sets my mind up high and a fire in my heart that will never die...
it's official I'm sick...sipping tea and brandy
Giving an Alma demo in Toronto! Osgood Hall is gorgeous.
Get 1 Free* hour when you book for Thursday’s Blink 182 and My Chemical Romance concert at Cricket Wireless Amphitheatre with limobuses.com
Wonder why the people that advertise getting 2000 followers on twitter in 24hrs only have 10 followers???
Mel Kiper is an idiot.Says Colts drafted Fleener b/c it is a copycat league & references Gronk. Yeah, b/c Colts never had pass catching TE.
#raw10 No matter how old I get, to my Mother, Im still her Baby. When she kisses me in Public, I be like 'MOM!?!'
Does Vilma's contractual pay count against the cap since he is suspended without pay?
and how is d and his girl and urs suppose to ride with u
Hope everyone is ready to rock their black, white, and/or red outfits at the booze & dessert reception 2nite.
:D My name is Joey Raschke!
Don't spend hours waiting for your car to be serviced. We can provide our premium service oil change for most cars in about 15 minutes.
When I was there yesterday, I should have asked if Sibley has a padded room. B/C the stupid I am dealing w/ today might lead me to one!
“: thank u so much! <3”your welcome
Satisfied needs never motivate people to perform at a higher level, only unsatisfied needs. Have your systems set your people up to fail?
Hi Debbie. You're coming to SXSW? We're an Austin-based web startup and would love your thoughts from a mom perspective.
Oh, also, ONE MORE WEEK.
hehehe. Funny funny. I like this.
good...girl y I think ima have 2 snap out on Larry, Michelle and Lee
hope you're feelin better bestie!! Am i gonna see ya this week?
Dag has tattoo appointment space all day! And Aaron Campbell (The original) has time between 3pm and 8pm !
Ring out ahoya.
is he in trouble or did he get out okay?!
Please do! I buy your products because they're vegan and effective, but that would make them even more earth-friendly! :)
I'm good living my life the way it should be. U still playing football
Washington is so weird. Also, super Republicans are crazy. That is all.
If random theatre newbies rave to me all year re 's "Freud's Last Session" & more, my work on this planet is done.:)
so come over at like 11
Keep your friends close but keep your enemies closer.....on a leash...and preferably locked up.
2005- #Baseball returned to D.C 34 yrs after the Washington #Senators left to Texas, the Washington Nationals played their first game
love the jacket!
Also never suggest anything even barely off topic there
is your game over already?
If you have an iPad and you aren't using Ignition, then you are only using 50% of your iPad. Files on my iPad and total access.
She is #CRAZY & way to egotistical to have gotten this far. I really hope Trump sends her home next week!
#whosgonnalose - Pittsburgh v North Carolina - tie vote
thanks Michael “: congratulations!”
Damn! So wanted to submit for a "midget wrestler" role just now! Cursed ethics.
A man's mind stretched by a new idea can never go back to its original dimensions. - Oliver Wendell Holmes
Take your vitamins! If you eat constantly on the run to save time, take vitamins to avoid potential slumps in energy.
This the DRIVE Packers need a Pick or a stop Giant will try to run again.
Leaf from the Gutenberg Bible just sold for 45k at Bonhams. I did not win it.
fashion lives!!
Looking for a good, used road bike if any tweeters have ideas....
Leaving this place of humidity, and going with dallas, sux :( hes so obssessive, and puting me down :(
Preachin to the choir...ya live ya learn, doesn't mean the realization doesn't suck any worse.
good try pats we got next year!
Independence, I hear. Shouldn't be too hard to find a meth dealer there.
My Dad
idc how much of an age difference we have if I ever met him I'd instantly kiss him
Organic Chemistry, Physics, Biopsychology, & Bioscientific Vocabulary Building from Latin and Greek..my schedule is gonna be fun (-_-)...lol
"Success lies in forming the habit of doing things that failures don't like to do."
Did anyone else hear something about #NickFairley having some issues? Thought I saw a tweet today about substance issues with him.
Of course something major happens before we leave, it wouldn't be right if nothing happened!
he b calling me Mo'wet .
Twitter is looking good on my new phone
Girl ur so clean without a scratch does it make your heart go fast when these wild boys put in work Im a live wire writhing in the dirt.
Haven't been in the school building for 2 minutes and i'm ready to go home.....
~Good morning! Sounds like a great day!:-)
She is a unique woman, who deserves nothing but good. Always take care of her and her family and let her found happiness. Thank you Lord
Yanking Leno from 10 PM will be the best stimulus investment package for Hollywood this year - will put a lot of people back to work.
& should follow us right? We're 1 of VA's best #festivals - the #RVA - gotta love us!
I can't wait to go to SC.
I'm bumping to jewel all night.
you can tweet/Do anything you want
Thanks RT : Big S/O to my agents and David Lee..couldn't have found better people to represent me..
it has to be red scale Columbian cocaine or else she just throws bitch fits and bites vaginas :/
I agree!!
I call my dad Atticus
Changed my name from to Because I'm close to grad and I do a lot of archaeology work now.
Just because someone is crazy doesn’t mean they're crazy enough to show everyone they’re crazy.
can I take you to an Orioles game on May 11?
thats funny. proven guilty by a court of law and the constitutional principles you just claimed to be defending 5 mins ago?
Things of great worth are mined from the earth
OMFG WERTYHJNDBJS IS THERE A PIC OF ZAYN WITH A KOALA? I WILL DIE AW OMG
I mean come on. At least TRY to think of something witty...
Making social issues entertaining--homelessness in Darkness Descendngthru fiction, interacitivity on web
It was post-modern ska.
boah where tf u been ? I been textng u tramp !
Haha that would have been great :] And that's awesome, I'm glad you like the stuff! We'll have some new stuff for ya too soon!
I'm brining back my Soul Searching party next Thursday the 16th 8pm- 10pm 2 4 1 on all drinks. No Cover guest
Who has #earthquakehappyhour deals in #dc?
If you like a packed bar with European women. Come to Moct now!!
Best perma in quite some time
Sleeping in never looked so good.
Kudos! on free video for the Experts Industry Association standards and practices. Thanks for sharing & caring once again!
good point
co-founded the #BounceBeat Teen Awards to provide this generation with some formal recognition and set a standard for safety.
About to start this skills development workout out.
Love it! RT Enjoying a Wet in my
I think we just came up with the name for the EP... maybe.
City managers respond to both strategic data analysis and personal stories that show compelling/practical impact of libraries
I hate sleeping with socks on #Weird lol
client update~down 16lbs since 5/10!! Just 9 more pounds to go. Way to make the right choices that support your goal!!!!
": Less friends, less bullshit."
hey, are you out today? We're at Momocho right now.
Not sure. Source is NYT article. Will try to find out.
stand on a tall hill and watch the blurry lights on a freeway.. kinda relaxing at night. perhaps tonight ill treat myself to some peace
Does working out count if you're using Mountain Dew as a thirst quencher?
Cleveland fan card revoked. Cheering for a Pittsburgh team is unacceptable.
you gettin the pool right? well ether way you are
on my way to LA!!!
is on the way to the mtn.
I push myself so hard because you said I couldn't do it, that I wasn't good enough... so for that
on the street at sxsw
There's always those words that when said to you, hurt.
holy crap i miss you and i can't stand it.
can't sleep. clowns will eat me...
Following you via Looking forward to your tweets!
Who would have figured Anthony Weiner WOULDN'T wind up being the Douchebag of the Week?! RT : Tracy Morgan: I Would Kill My Gay Son!
you'll be seeing me and your biggest fan at Webster Hall on Friday! remember her? she cried in your arms at FBR15
Wow, racist AND violent. Good combo. : When I hear chinese people talk I instantly want to punch them in the face
Great social media class by
A new state Rhode island and it's all because my old "identity" got shown out. So thanks a lot. My whole family had to change there names
I'd like to state once again, for the record, there is no better song that bohemian rhapsody.
Wide awake
Hours later, I'm on the verge of a nervous breakdown.
what's your favorite hockey team?
I didn't realize that NHL refs get to be baseball umpires during their time off
but I passed all of my classes tht I have failed the exam so I'm good
Theres a song that goes ''i dont want this nite to end'' but today ''i dont want this DAY to end!! D': RememberTrust
RT If it's already Friday in your part of the world, what are you reading to ring in the weekend?
Damn jealous because Chilli wants to come to me SMH
Much to do. Please make this a productive night...
Pookie! The pics I took with my old camera at Joe's Grad Party turned out fantastic. I should make you copies.
Headed north for our first Farm Beginnings class. Today's session is "Starting on Solid Ground: Integrating Values & Goals."
National Taco Day bitchezzzzzz
The single biggest problem with communication is the illusion that it has taken place. <U+2015> George Bernard Shaw
No joke, we talk thru fb.
Nature fits all her children with something to do, He who would #write and can't write, can surely
What #OWS needs to be saying to Wall Street today: "Beware the ideas of March."
missed what Hoggy said. Did he say that Black Caviar would get beat today?
Things are coming together the right way!!!
In the car trying to beat the blizzars into Oklahoma.
we're stoked to work with you...
Remove digital media and us startups are down 23%.
I don't believe it's gonna happen, but I want him to too
"Didn't you see it on Facebook?" -the new "Must've gotten lost in the mail." Both far less likely than we force ourselves to believe.
thank you! I wish I could attend , but I have to go to school tomorrow (exams)
What can't I get followers? I'm a nice person. Is because I'm quiet? Tweet...Tweet...Tweet. How's that? :)
Delayed in St. Louis till 11:30
hot honey and organe whilst watching Wayne's World with my best girl. Were both fluy little ladies. <3
A morning given over to coffee and Derrida is just not a terrible way to start the week.
I dnt wanna fall for someone who's too busy for me
This is awesome! Thank you both!! I have a TON of new photos to work on too - keep following for sneak peeks
last one in the office again :x
Trying to recover from this meat coma at
hahaha now u just gotta except them two cuties <U+263A>
Just got home from a great night & had some breakfast. It's 7am & the sun is rising. That's partying in Salamanca for ya. :) Now, bed time!
why do all toothbrushes have to be neon?
: If there was a like button on Twitter, I'd like this tweet!
DMs, check that :)
he always says it when I'm in the car and I yell at him all the time haha
Depressed? Earphones in, volume up. Ignore the world.
Chinese food: procured. Evaluation: decent. Got generally healthy stuff so (a) I won't feel so guilty and (b) I won't want to eat lots of it
I think you meant that the other way...
#iDecide2B whatever works for me. Teenage parenthood is a challenge. Safe, smart, protected, and educated is a must.
My first time in Kaua<U+02BB>i and *wow*. Well worth the price of a parachute.
I THINK YOU LOOK BEAUTIFUL! LOVED YOU BEFORE TOO
yes saira i bought her literal shit
hm. I thought I was already following you, but in any case, I'm following you now!!
Hey kids! Playing live tonight on with is doing a little dance too...check it!
Great convo w/ my cousin #iMiss her I guess I'll be going to #MorenoValley nxt week :)
hay girl hay “: #Leo women are beautiful. They put in work while other pretty bitches just lay there!”
so the new twitter erased all my tweets? been like this since yesterday....
Only 13 more days of #ockermanproblems ): Should I start doing #summer2012problems !?(:
9thPeriod Marketing Expanded online education plan urged for Iowa students bit.ly/og0Ai7
Just finished a photo shoot with the amazing photographer Robin Emtage, she was delightful to work with. Made me look beautiful. Woohoo!
Finally made it to San Marcos! Hope to see and at graduation!
Sorry to miss you at the club yesterday. Give me a shout when you're up again.
Playmaker/makers in front four is my biggie. Also, a lil worried about DB's. Number of guys gone.
Bam !! Dude remember when we used to play ball in the back yard!! Ha!
INC show was April 7th. Either way, I missed it ;)
sounds cool. what's your vision board?
your in AZ! we need to grab a drink! I love camelback and I'm supposed to go next weekend to hike it!
": Why is it I see the people I hate more than the people I love? #whatislife"
Hey Kelli How Are You Monster.???
Twitter has taught me to edit myse
hey that's my neighbor!!!
Oh, PastPerfect--how did we survive without you?
next is twitter... RT : introduced the work wife to google chrome - she's in love!
I told you that already. Why did you think I told you that you needed to go to Natalie school? For nights like this :-)
Tonight the official low low car show after party goes down inside #GBar!!! Don't miss out...
RT : See you girls in 8 days!!< its a party, its a party, its a partaaaayyy!
Just got called a "nigger" by some punk as* then he sped off.. They ain't bout that life!
40 minute break :)
Lucy, you don't know what we are on about!:P
Let me die young,or let me be forever young.
sucks to suck
Bottom line is, you the finest.Give you a new name. wat that ,wats that, MY BITCH! :)
"Battleship" opens Friday against "What To Expect When You're Expecting." Which one will win the top spot? Will Avengers stay #1?
It's preposterous that Pete Postlethwaite was not presented in the posthumous part of the program #Oscars Props to him.
Anytime sexy can I ask for follow back?
enjoy ya day at wrk & ill link up wit ya wen tu' qet off :D
If you don't give me enough attention I will look for it elsewhere
You Got Some Hard Shit Bro
Baby im not like the rest!
Ok Big Guy, Lets see if you have any balls now! Neal leaves his feet, Asham with a Match Penalty, Suspend them now!
tell ME about it!!!
Niggas is outchea hurting since #drose been injured. Smh, I tried to tell em it's #lakernation or injure yourself
OMG! Having a ball. I may never come home! Hope you are well, superstar! How was #BoardwalkEmpire?
Good, it's one of my favorite sandwiches already!
oye hit me with your cell through a mesage
“: Any of my followers going to the Brew City Stomp Down Step Show this weekend??” of course they are!
Adele is sick and had to cancel her Minneapolis show which worries me because I have tickets to see her Sunday in Utah... PLEASE GET BETTER!
Happy to see G Road Alum John Wall. For those that don't know he played from 10U - 16U. Come check his banner hanging in gym.
Madison, Chicago, Eau Claire friends: if you're going to Bon Iver next month, arrive early for
happy birthday. Enjoy ma'am
hello cousin!how are you dude?
also a cut out all the nudity and sex scenes option....
#MardiGras Special: $6 Hurricanes All Day Greenwood and Northside locations!
at Guero's, checkin' out Frank Smith. showcase.
with what Xbox kristi ?
Listening to that Carter I
Maine has a football team? #Packers “: Jerron McMillian, FS Maine”
Happy birthday to Dave Gahan of who turns 50 today!
get used to hearing "hey you were awesome in bellflower" so you know
is it possible to meet u? i'd love to <21
I want to start a campaign to give our moon a proper name. "The Moon" just doesn't cut it, and all the others have names.
I hope you got my thru via your website please let me know if you have or haven't got it.
To preregister for salsa class please RSVP at
The NFL combine is exactly how I imagine a slave auction would have been. lol
I love you!! Can't wait to see you perform this week! Follow me?? :-)
Is the hubby at work? If so- will he be able to make it home?
LaMarcus #Aldridge is good enough to get you beat. So sick of those long 2's, most inefficient shot in the game.
"New York, it looks funny" N. Fried. First best quote of the day of 2010
After disturbing the meeting and abandoning my pursuit I did in fact manage to get the top level off and get caffeinated. :)
#wcphilly: Open Source Support: Not everything that gets broken is an easy fix. There are no "Easy Buttons" in real life.
lame, it redirects you to the app store on mobile. oh the irony.
What is white balance and how do I set it? by SilverGenes
"She was a Republican and openly back a Democrac so Ilm not voting for her" that's why I hate politics
Happy Pie Day to you too!!!
you should go sleep
This thunder/lightning is getting serious.
Holy crap LA...can you be more humid!?
Body is hurtin
I was tossing my phone and missed and hit me in the nuts. Uh
I'm shocked at all the transphobic comments on many of the Against Me! videos on You Tube. Wish it didn't have to be that way.
Arranging aerial photo flight for later this week. Best time to fly is usually after a storm.
Thanks! Where does purchasing process come in? Large biz have access to more point-of-sale technology - is that an advantage?
. Thanks for the retweet love. :)
Eehhhh I dunno man!
Pretty crazy week. My little niece was born and one of my best friend is getting married.
Omg n a British accent! I have carbonated cum! Yum toast n jelly for Bfast! I want a dollhouse too!
It's okay. Not at all, I dont have any time until this weekend... finals and Encore! on Friday.
Hey, it"s #Cavs vs #Nets ... we'll just be happy if Humphries doesn't go for 28/15...
cool twitter avatar ya got there pal
Little cousins birthday party today.
Thanks to Noah Dresner for making my day.
All you see, I owe to spaghetti. - Sophia Loren
who got naked?
RT : "The most interesting thing we’ve discovered is the gap between people’s intentions and their actual behaviors" http:/...
RT : Looking forward to hearing from at #georgia #highered funding commission
Wasup wit a shout out ta :)
"Paradise by the Dashboard Light"? Really, #Glee? REALLY?? Holy "inappropriate-for-show-choir-competition" song, Batman....!!
I wonder where I can find that Harvard Jeremy Lin jersey in a kid's size.
Lindsey should have won but I think it's going to be Mann or Juliet
Hi Sandy thanks for the follow.
you might just be the most immature person ive ever met
Should you incorporate "lone wolves" into your team? How about superstars? How will it affect the chemistry and dynamics?
Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will-- Zig Ziglar
Thanks great to see you too! :D
check out the chowder house down by the main pier. Will also be a favorite.
I hope the queen dies.
Today better go fast.
Check out 's numerous childish tweets against #madonna. Seriously? Lame.
I know, I know. But still, you should be a trojan ;)
Do the still get a point for overtime? We earned something, no?
Going to see the @ maryvale baseball park after a rest from the camelback hike with Billy, Jim, Megan & Kristin.
Lil Mama I love you soo much Love from Canada plzz follow
Ha RT "Whale you be my valentine?" "Dolphinately." #LoveNotes #Happy Valentines Day
screw this. we're taking our reusable bowls to for <500 cal lunches & ppl watching. judgment tastes sweeter w/ low cal dressing.
Trying to write my final paper for Asian Philosophies... Can I please just graduate college already?
Next time, save your mouth for the playoffs cause even i know theres still one more game & anything can happen.
Scotland Yard Pub will be closed this afternoon for a private party but WILL open at 8pm for football.
Meatloaf mashed potatoes and corn for dinner
#Graceland documentary on Netflix. How many times can I fall in love with this record, ? -j
so wht r we going to do first
Awoke w/ stress attack at 5 AM --> retrieved the paper in time to see the stars and planets in all their predawn glory. Perspective moment.
has been announced a Vezina finalist. Of this I never had ANY doubt!
Dont forget about Yummy Taco Thursday! RT : $1 Taco night! Tonight
if Gerv was dead, the world would be a better place.
Fitting way to finish the worst sports month ever, right ?
i want to love you! PYT pretty young thing.. need some loovin! tender lovin girl! aand i'l take you theeerree!!
This is how i show my love...i made it in my mind because i blame it on my A.D.D baby!!
when are you seeing #Avengers ??
Awww night My group of italians were on fire!
A real man doesn't love a million girls, he loves one girl in a million ways<3
ohh damn. That sucks bro
go to the gym
Happy Birthday!
if i went 2 grayson or whatever school you go 2 i would kick your ass myself but since i dont im sure somebody will do it 4 me
I want you to drop it , pick it up , n bring it back girl
I hate number crunching! This is art within the numbers.
Are you into touring the ancient sites, cause I have book recommendation if yes.
Happy Monday all! Have a great week!
If I had a dick I would pull it out and piss on 'em
have a nice night.
This differs from other Nic Cage performances how?
The plan: Do something amazing at 8, fireworks at 12. Hence, Resolution Clock last yr, fire tornado & snow this yr
The LaQuinta is booked! Wear your love like Twitter, dude.
Can't think of one who I'd say is having a good game. O-line is playing pretty good I guess.
Good day.
Asking all them questions making statements assuming lol
Buyer beware, needs to do a little digging on the companies they promote (REF: Seabreeze Air duct cleaning)
Friday is my 14th birthday!!!!!!!!! I can't freakin' wait!!!!
Some things are better left unsaid..
Great way to meet 10 hot guys in person... speed dating.
everyone is graduating and im becoming a
Alexander Hamilton.
Excellent special on #stopbullying I hope people it instead of Kardashians!! Thanks, AC!
Grab me some #Runza, would ya? RT : Back in Kearney, Nebraska.
It's important to set goals.
Why is it when telemarketers call and you tell them you don't have time, they get nasty with you? Why is everyone so angry?
IPHONE ELECTROMAGNETIC FIELD IMPROVED: Even though the diameter of the field has shrunk, still don't put it to your head!
Lily Allen Perhaps?
Thanks for spreading the word about Our Hero, gentlemen.
Going to be the longest hour of my life. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
w/o Bosh they look awful...
WHO IS ONLINE ?
#Didyouknow that social networks are incredibly important to seniors? Consider this as you enter the #linkAges devchall.
haha LOVE this!
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 63
Good question. . Are there accepted core DH competencies?
But I suppose beggars can't be choosers, and all that.
Did the refs tailgate b4 the game, or just retards?!!
not sure about other parts of the city but this one connects the Frost Bank Tower to the Municipal Plaza
too bad we're gunna miss you tonight!
She may have that already.
just copped #controlsystem off iTunes thank you
& I haven't even gotten the chance to ride with you & listen to your music all the way turned up in it yet.
Joel Anthony's hair line is ridiculous!
thanks I'm pretty excited!:)
Life is about showing people you are born to be somebody.. Life : no one promised life would be easy they just promised it be worth it.
My run today was the same exact pace as my run from a week ago - 8' 38"/mile. Amazing consistency!
I don't even wanna see my anatomy grade
just took the dog for an early morning walk on the beach, looking forward to a good long day of work today
Sup dude
Don Draper's suit is incredible #MadMen #60's
Happy holidays to all, always more grace & harmony~
We <3 our 350 facebook fans!! Thank you for sharing your stories, pictures and laughs with NCircle!
Are you ready for this Philadelphia?? #1045BdayShow TODAY
Can you explain this to me because I am struggling with this Tebow dude?
Don't forget your PLUS card?
Like what-re: FB interesting ways to catch ppl's attention about events...
Given that I'm starting this late, should I pay the $35 to TurboTax to get all my info from last year automatically entered?
I can't be just friends with you...
Nothing is forever,not even tattoos. Kat von D
I doo! Hahh sometimes.. mostly though I don't give any fucks <3
so so ready to be in wisconsin in a few weeks <3
tweet copper to others who have said this as well <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C> a.k.a Everyone
Fucking iPhone Keyboard
Enjoyed Art in Bloom this weekend at MAM, but show stopper was Art of Animation exhibit showing art inspiration for Disney & Pixar movies.
Oh. This story could be GOOD.
"No matter how much money I make,
these pigeons are going to town on this donut, and for once in my life, I'm a little jealous of a pigeon.
- Take a cue from the cover babe - put on the headphones & turn it up. :)
I'm glad every one at #gc2012 is behaving themselves. Try to cause a ruckus tomorrow :)
": #10ThingsAboutMyself blackout drunk is the only kind of drunk I get. #helenkellerdrunk"
Yum. done.
Having a Superbowl party? We have football sugar cookies and NY Giant and New England Patriot cupcakes! Place your orders early!
#onlyskinnyppl have new balance running shoes
Welker signs franchise tender.
Off to #VRA_ARLIS2011!
Impressive 50! Hope you had a great 4th of July!
let's get a crew to go chill in Sam's car hahah
Fox outbid ESPN for World Cup. It will be interesting to see which fox outlets get which games. Could this be the reemeegence of FSN?
Now Thats Paper
is there a signing here or something what the hell are you guys doing here
lol! Make me! How'd you even know I was awake!? Haha
I apologize for the unusual negativity. I'm just teetering close to the edge here.
no when prod gf dad came n ask where she was and rayray was tryna answer him it was funny
#OoooOhhhHhh RT : Dying <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> RT : *eric griffin noise* that is all
aww she's cute
Whatever happened to stirrups? They've gone the way of the mustache. They were both cool in the 80s.
I love turtles because they are just so chill. They're like, yeah man I feel like swimming today, maybe eat some lettuce.
That awsome moment when your teacher ain't in the room for the last 30 minutes of class! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
Congratulations on the birth of your new daughter. Mine is coming in late May and I can't wait.
Work is such a bust today.
i’ve asked about you and they’ve told me things but my mind didn’t change i still the feel the same.
See you tomorrow at midnight on with and & ready to cave the roof in
Let ur #passion lead u to ur #purpose!
I'm now following Just did my part to make your dream come true.
Just threw some $ into office Mega Millions pool. Imagine how many grindhouse DVDs I could get with Half a Billion!
did you watch the americas got talent? We missed it but I can download it tomorrow.
Lol well she's gonna find out cause I just tagged her ;3
Fall has asked for my silence and has showed me that judging yourself is not the same as being honest and open with yourself
We added an exta fundraiser that did really well.
Now I do remember him talking about Homeland.
What if iCloud isn't consumer-facing at all? It may only be cloud services for developers, allowing Apple to compete with
nah -- self entertaining.
You have to leave some people behind and go where success takes you
Wow. Great article. :) And very nice photos of your journey. :)
Long night. Good thing i didn't have school today
Found a puppy! Thank you for your help!
what u do n tha 3 point contest.
Wandering the streets of NY singing 's Beyond The Sea score and loving it.
Great new platform coming in a couple of weeks!
Today's a barbecue day.
Yes, I've. It aired in the US on April 4th. It's so good, but so sad too!
I am finally recovered after dealing with that crud for over 7 weeks. Antibiotics didn't even help. Feel better soon!
GIVEAWAY: Like both and Viral Ink's FB pages for a chance to win a free t-shirt of your choice! Giveaway ends tomorrow!!
yeah probably!
heh. I have 2 batteries...don't know what the deal was. Today, no battery issue, but no signal in room.
Black girl down....
Several local cities have BID programs. Vince, can we generalize from the findings from your study?
i was writing so much with my pen that it only lasted me four days -.-
whens the new cd coming out
Thanks for the mention, Stay Safe!
Moments like these concern me
Oh! What did you think?
ill miss you!
wow. i'm at a loss for words. it was really good. the xylophone was a nice touch for the melody.
lol good morning love. did you enjoy your mother's day?
What do you do when your dreams become reality???
I WANT CAKE TO! and text me when you got your number.. hope you liked the card :') <3
Good Night everybody! :)
It's hammer time!
interesting. I'm going to watch highlights of him when I go home. It's just crazy that we have all these eligible big men.
I just woke up 15 minutes ago ... need moar sleep!!!
yes I love to laugh. I would love to see you laugh as well so maybe I should come down for this session :)
Love that song lol
good mix homie
Give whatever you are doing and whoever you are with the gift of your attention. Jim Rohn
no problem. it was wonderful year, and we cannot wait for May 19!
Welcome to Chicago Expo! #SSE12 Enjoy a Segway tour of our city! Bring your show pass & get $10 off! 312-552-5100
#ThoughtsWhileRunning why am i doing this shit? ; ew i have thunder thighs; i hope nobody sees me; im gonna be so hot when im skinny.
Honestly, everyone on #TheVoice is beyond talented. I would be happy for any of them to win, but I'd be EXTREMELY happy if Tony won! VOTE!!!
Plowing through the Bluetip discography today. If that finishes I'll go to Retisonic, Swiz, Garden Variety, Sweetbelly Freakdown, etc.
Lost my phone charger.
"Formula for success: Rise early, work hard, strike oil." ~ John Paul Getty
RT RT Sigh. Northwestern. Still just a golf school # NU
VOTE FOR KELLY! www.controltv.com THE VIEWERS GET TO CONTROL KELLY FOR 6 WEEKS! HE IS A HOMIE!!! HELP HIM WIN!!!! YOU CAN VOTE ALL DAY!
Huge difference there
Took my wife, Shar L Schermer, out for Thai food tonight. Great food plus sharing it all with the woman I love!
Happy b-day Christian hope all your wishes come true and if they haven'thopefully one day they will your a really great kid
and its so hard to breathe, yeah
Hate these type of mornings!
Thanks so much for having us! great playing with you guys! Great sets!
Shopping before work >>>
There goes anyone that had a perfect bracket going!
Dim and Den Sum in Cleveland! It's amazing! RT : What city makes you green with food truck envy?Where should Big D look...
"Bitch I'm MC hammer.. I'm about cream" BOSS! RT : NY STATE OF MIND... LET'S GET CREAM !!!!
LOL Good Morning Baby Girl :)
Totally agree that youth is wasted on the young
ha ha believe me, I know. I was struggling to keep up and y'all were sitting pretty up there. *shakes fist* ;)
Taking applications for a volunteer leadership position to organize tutoring for foster kids in OKC metro area.
Keep cool with a #bucks4bunks fan and support our cause. Stop by our booth right outside the Pig Racing Arena and get your own.
But I don't want to live that way.
i see
A poor 10 minute sequence can't undo 60+ great hours of content over 3 games. Disappointing? Yes. Would play again? Absolutely.
From Stratford to the World. From One Time to Boyfriend. From 1,000,000 to 21,000,000. Dreams don't come true? Never say Never. (:
lls if you was here today you woulda been called ALOT it was funny
iIts not even funny how much I love Ranger Gang or fucking die !
Yeaa! Never gets old.
in a suit? Just tell them that you're Occupy legal counsel and "don't mess"!
This Paper-View You Got To Pay For This
Snowflakes are one of natures most fragile things, but just look what they can do when they stick together. (Vista M. Kelly)
The rational Concious Mind is the most powerful tool in the world
QR Codes - What The Heck - How To Use Them - www.WebWhizWorks.com QR Codes - How to use qr codes f.. Error: Please specify a URL to shorten.
Ric Stultz's gallery is only up for another week! DON'T MISS OUT on this awesome show! Everything is cash & carry! Buy today, TAKE TODAY!
When you take care of the outside you will be become better on the inside.
About to kick off the first RCC intro to improv class!
on the way to florida... hope my flight takes off! this storm is fascinating! its almost hard to leave ny looking so purrrrdy!
When I get back to school my sleeping schedule is going to be messed up.
Holler! Thanks for the follow , definitely one of my favorite new joints in town!
My 1st ever attempt at sweet potato casserole <U+261D><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F> let it be delicious!
A great money making business without selling a thing: www.moneywithrx.com
Tonight $6 Liters, $5 Jager, $4.50 Bacardi drinks!!! Come in and get the holiday started off right at The Anchor Bar
Drank coffee for the first time at school last night ( for the semester ) and I could not go to bed till 4:30
bro they didnt even put the finale online :/ wtf
hey I'm outside your house (:
he'd be a great love interest for Tatum.
has been saying that I've been making up words for years... I blame my ma. - she does have some corkers though! :-)
A great meal in the 120 West Market Fresh Grill + the Mind Tripping Show - a delicious & fun combination!
Reminder in these times... "A word of encouragement during a failure is worth more than an hour of praise after success."
I like the rain cause it dosent judge me... What?
completely DONE w/ him...never wanted you...never needed you...better off without him. #startingover ;)
An institution's history (as EU's will convey in such a case study) evolves but must be disseminated, digitally anymore, so truer forms...
what's it called? food? Lmao ;)
Misdirected last tweet. Sorry.
He has little to gain by returning. RT : Lehigh's CJ McCollum has declared for the NBA Draft.
My wife has some different thoughts on the matter?
Him: u gettn 2grown, dnt make me take my belt off!!!.. ME: don't threatn me w a good time!!!
Agreed: "We are not going to fix government unless we also fix citizenship." Jennifer Palka of Code for America.
Yes, I do enjoy unfollowing people hell bent on educating us on social media, and other popular MarCom practices.
it is a great restaurant!
Love the pics. Oh, the joy we can find in just airing it all out! :) Happy summer to U! Here's to warmer, dryer weather...
He looks so much better. A woman would've bought a ton of smaller sizes (even when she still can't fit em).
What ever happened to anything close with 2 strikes you are swinging
by registration - other side of escalators going toward room IJ
God, let Your Will be done.... I am an earthsuit for Your use. But whatever happens this year, let me cross my Jordan River...
#Dodgers sale Monday! New ownership Tuesday
this weekend was one of the best weekends of my life! Im sad that its coming to a close but hopefully Ill get to visit again soon!
RT : podcast of and Forrest Livengood from #dcavl. Want to hear it, let us know.
I'm gonna lay here until 7:30.
Why need such heavy enforcement power + whose to say these fansites won't be branded as "thieves" under the #SOPA regime?
But I'll try.
"It's like sherbet......on crack."
TOMORROW IS NEAR!! MAKE SURE YOU CHECK OUT EP "I STILL GOT YOUR ATTENTION" ON ITUNES!!
That said, HE TOTALLY RECOGNIZED HER. But he lurves her ma too much to rat her out I bet.
Its National Scrabble Day...do I need to spell it out for you?? L-i-v-e H-e-a-l-t-h-y!! It's a great day to get back on the workout train!
I guess you can say the #49ers are playing lights out against the
it was good to see you for 2 seconds this morning! miss you!
Happy to be part of Nerdbery Challenge - slight detour reading Siberts for ALSC class!
right back atcha!
aye boo
San Diego hotties all the way!
An excellent Vw car dealership within Phoenix arizona allow you to ...
Hey guys this is my 35th tweet. Thanks for the good times, my eight loyal followers.
yo chad if calvin johnson is mega tron then you are optimus prime!
"I'm sorry you don't have my awesome sense of humor" is not an apology. But there is another word for it.
wahh i miss you guys!!
Why cant Arianators be nice to each other? All we do is argue.My god
Does anyone think #bcfootball will win more than 3 games this year?
Cameras and photos allowed today/tomorrow. Once competition starts (Thurs-Sun), no cameras on site and no photos period.
Dang, I was rooting for the brother
Yup, Iman will be missed defending Wade.
So u would agree that people shld never get angry when racially slurred
leaving the Y
Just got back from Spring Green... all the laundry done, room cleaned, mail checked, hair cut, I got SO much done
Happy first day of spring Boston! This weather is amazing.
im proud of my work-with a hectic life i still got sh*& done lol
Was awoken but its a good thing because I was having the weirdest dream!
i hope she doesnt flat out say no =|
y dont u wear snapbacks no more?we miss them
Hey talk to me (: lol
I try so hard to be a positive person in all aspects of my life but everyone at my job keeps bringing me down... I need a new job :/
Obviously we neither no how to read nor comprehend what we're reading
So, do people tell pornstars to "break a dick/vag?"
now how do I get more followers? You were great last night. It was a pleasure to hear you & Dan! Thanks
The clouds opened up and the light burst forth. Diamonds of hope and pearls of joy glistened in the sun. The taxes are finished.
A bit off topic, and yet a matter of the heart: Let's all lift those miners in Chile out of that hole--an act of collective love and will.
next thing you know it'll be
thanks for the retweets last week! Keep keepin it real!
I don't get Nicki Minaj. Ya i said it. Like I'm pretty sure she's some governmental experiment gone wrong.
Studio session 11pm tomorrow Superstar No limit
Concluding my first week as Senior #Psychologist at Insight Psychological Centers #Chicago. Lots of adjustments to make!
Volleyball cancelled = lazy night of listening to the rain
i wuuvvsss u too boo boo :).. ah mi corazon!!!
Months without dairy & I still crave cheese. When will it end? I feel lost. I want to eat a bag of shredded cheese. It's THAT bad.
Everything is funny after 12
Buying domain names like big, ten-dollar Snickers bars.
your welcome!
Thanks for the follow, I really look forward to your tweets #voiceover #voice over
Hip hurts</3
many city parks in SF were remodeled in the last five years, dolores park was recently redone and is epic
: Soaps dying? Not on the web! Follow
Why does channel 10 news achor man looks like he was drawn up on the screen...
Somaphony will be featured in our first national print magazine veddy veddy soon. Will give more details when I get my copy! woot woot.
Obsessed with "Cry" by Kelly Clarkson <3 So much emotion put into the song.
LOVE TO HEAR THAT Kyle! Wish we could have made it to Camp Tag this year. Thanks for all you do for the #foodallergy community!!
why are you regreting it
I like taking the train and all but I can't imagine being on this for longer than a day.
Have you tried our new #Gyros #Fries yet? What do you think!?
pearl snaps r ok. Jacked up trucks needs to b submitted to GNG.
Happy Mother's Day to all the good and proud mothers out there. Its the perfect weather for y'all day. Enjoy
DNOW is over. #sad Opportunity to put ransomed into practice.
Many Thanks Greg! I hope you and the team are enjoying #NYC and
Being in 2nd place means youre the first one to lose.
And the next year: Jews in Germany Mark First Free Purim Since Liberation at Series of Festivities (1946) via
. "Are you German, or..??" "YOU'RE JUST A BUNCH OF ENGLISH HOOLIGANS" - changed my life
Miracles are not contrary to nature, but only contrary to what we know about nature. -St. Augustine
Paul said, "I am ready not to be bound only, but also to die ..for the name of the Lord Jesus."~Acts 21:13
Unfortunately and I'm pretty sure that's the weekend of prom! I'm sorry I wish I was):
RT : Forge.mil runs on #Drupal 10K users #Drupalcommons is making inroads fast
1234 = One Church, Two Services, Third Month, Fourth Day! Starting March 4, HPC will go to two services! 9am and 10:45!
no can do, no drinkin tonight got the hoodlumps & friends...how long u staying?
Late night banana and nutella ftw! But a doritos locos taco sounds good. Drop me one off? :)
My coffee isn't very good today. But I'm still drinking it. Without it, my peepers won't stay open.
thanks awesome!!! Feel free to tell your friends :)
all day.
Ha, yes!! I have a Breville, i think an 800 or 900 watt
Something tells me they're not going to show the replay of the check swing.
You gotta be fucking kidding me!
Clearly, not much since I'm peeping grilled cheese blogs.
She's like, "There were so many people with more things than me, so I saw no point in waiting! It was just a muffin!" :]
Are we playing Would You Rather?
Interesting! : "social media personality should not match physical space.. social media can be about fringe voices"
“: So what do you want for A brand new car .. Make a donation on nixacountry for details. Lol
And while the Thunder dismantle the Lakers....the Heat stuggle with the Pacers
I wish I did!! it'd make life so much easier!
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 328
My haircut is so bad
#newfacebook the only good thing is the bigger pictures other than that i now have over 200 people on chat.and the ticker makes me dizzy
a signed cd would be cool but I want a signed Petes cup.
My new favorite "bow-legged dumpster skank". Thanks
and just wonderinq. OMG every sixth qrader is a wannabe
I miss that dead bug
follow me plz it will mean the world to me
you told everybody that on your channel already, anyways... EVERYBODY SUBSCRIBE TO MY TWITTER PEOPLES ON TWITTER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
you stay away from me with your cough
Harrison Barnes is just Marvin Williams 2.0, right?
is brewing, the tortilla shells are being warmed, Bacon is sizzling, time for a breakfast Burrito. Good morning!
I just saw on VH1's You Outta Know Artist! :D
My RING was im his dick SMFH!!!!!!
it's koo I figured! Btw what # should I call, old or new?!? Cuz u still have both, right?
"Still workin on that?" - the line every server gives to people at the end of a meal, instantly likening the experience to pigs at a trough
#uselessfacts 1/4 of the bones in your body are in your feet.
Let's discuss social media IN galleries. says may detract from extended looking. Or might help digest. Your thoughts?
can someone please let me in on what is happening- that would be great!
Watching Are you there, Chelsea
Thanks to listener Steve Frost for winning $350 donation bid on a pair of tix to RIP City Classic. See basketball, help kids
I don't need Television I kno what's goin on left & right from FB & Twitter .
Kenny Baron & Bobby Hutcherson breaking my heart with the beauty of In My Own Sweet Way
Timbers truck is here. Try the new soccer game on the wii system with a massive screen! Prizes to be won!
Who ordered the poopoo platter?
AND YOUR GRANDPARENTS, TOO
#Santorum: Whether it's #ObamaCare, #RomneyCare - they're interchangeable.
It's ironic how we ignore those who want us, want those who ignore us, love those who hurt us, and hurt those who love us
Tatu! The guy who took off his shirt after goals! The MISL was one of the most fun leagues I've seen!
225k jobs added in March thanks to the wedding industry?
Still full to bursting with latkes. Thanks, , they were delicious!
- because the #Accordion kicks in the right hands. :)
Sweet!! Nice work Dave!
but only Madison has the magic key ;)
made the ride height ?
Picking up and his wife at the airport! Can't wait to see the whole fam!
New CA bill moving through the state Legislature that removes a 13-year ban on sweepstakes and contests from alcoholic beverage makers.
I love bathroom acoustics!
I Talk to You :)
There's so many thing I'd tweet, but it'd probably creep out my followers just cause...
about to go jogging .
how come ur not in the new g.i joe
Im so excited for this fucking mancake
Enjoy your time in Ocean City!
Jackson, is really sad because you aren't following him:((( super sad!!!!!!!
and i miss you too x
1...2..3..yep, that's five buses that have passed me now without stopping.
IntelliJ ftw (main product by makers of phpStorm), but was using eclipse to try out a plugin for a new framework. never again
Have fun, and don't forget to drunk twitpic.
California's attorney general says state will get up to $18 billion under a federal-state mortgage settlement to be announced later today.
finally!! I love how politically vocal you've been--keep it up!
#quitterconf friends: I am so excited where my life is heading. Thankful for the 1st conference. Never dreamed, dream would begin so soon!
I live across the street from a #Target. It's both horrible and wonderful.
We are #Vegas bound! Heading to the desert for the amazing #remaxR4 conference.
Sleepy dab
I got 6.7feet tall gift delivery at work today. Awww!!!
I said happy b day to sum girl I don't. Know lol
I'm sorry buddy, just seeing this now. The killer isn't a cop, some neighborhood watch guy or something
Why am I up ?
hmm... loaded question. I would use fundamentals to gauge my expectations about the markets. But use technicals to execute.
Gotta love my haitian fam. Lol No radio music, they sing gospel songs during road trips. Time to pull out the headphones.
This waitress at TGI Fridays is a real See You Next Tuesday.
Well done is better than well said - Benjamin Franklin
Walking around toys-r-us. What happened to legos and nerf guns? All I see are iPads. There is no such thing as a childhood anymore
Tweet.. Tweet... Now I can say I tweeted:)
Awesome! I havent decided if Im gonna compete or not, of course I will be doin bikini but if I do then have to meet!!!
I need to stop buying things from , soon my house will look like my board. Good?
Things are great! Just booked my June trip to LA. Life is good.
sori killing the fantasy squad getting the
Movie Review: The Dictator
No problem!<3 i see the hate you get & i cry seeing all of it. You dont deserve it. Im here if you ever wanna talk.
Friends are so hard to come by.
:) what a long day?! Well I know CPR so if anyone decides to die on me I can resuscitate you!!
No one will understand how close I am with my gymnastics friends.. They are more like sisters <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Drunk dad arrives late, screams at his son the entire soccer match, leaves early. Ugh!
you rock, nerdette! It's gonna be Smithsonian swaggerific
i'm quite good at playing the same thing over and over again.
you too broheim. Plans for today abolished upon waking up and realizing that I had my first hangover of 2012.
Right now, I have my srs face on, later tonight I will return to my regularly scheduled drunken good times composure.
No matter how bad a day can go, everytime I listen to hair, I always feel happy. Thank you for the awesome album. <3
yes! I liked it :) You should check out "The Paris Wife" by Paula McLain. The protagonist is Hemingway's first wife.
Hey, You continue to honor me and I appreciate it! Take care!
"Nothing great is ever achieved without much enduring." - St. Catherine of Siena
My tech crapped out yesterday so I wasn't able to tweet about my little trip to Melrose & Culver city but hoping to play catch-up tomorrow
what's night market?
first phase: denial haha
How was yo day
Do I need to send some sandbags up to the citizens of Kentucky to stop the Ohio River flooding?
Did you catch the Thiebaud cake doodle on Google yesterday? Gee, there should really be more art about baked goods.
true haha:-P y nope I haven't gotten anything
congrats on the TV/Chi-Radio debut. Woman power!
What up homie? LOL How u know what that feels like --> RT The temperature is on penguin pussy outside
For some traffic offenses, Texas can now force you to pay the initial ticket amount once a year for three years I think.
focus? what focus? :/
HATE AND LOVE THERE REALLY IS A THIN LINE THERE
Wouldn't it be nice to make as much as a rock-star for one year!
A good teacher doesn't give you the answers, he points you in the right direction and then let's you make your own choices. - Glee :)
Also loved it! It wasn't overly-heroic or overly-raw and just told a very beautiful story of faith. Really good!
So ready to get my hair done after school.
OMG AUSTIN I LOVE YOUR NEW SINGLE <U+2665>
Learning a lot today
Libraries are too important to not have leaders everywhere, & somethings are very critical, and we need to step into them w/ courage
Michael, great CEA event tonight and thanks for all you and Gary do to promote innovation and technology for great jobs!
still looking for money to make movie... damn film insurance!
By the way.. I can see your weave
Appreciate the reetweet:-))
One client just wrote "Great play last night!" regarding #HKC's College Hoops WINNER Arkansas St !!!! BPOSport.com
Well... that nap was a bad idea. 30 min to 3 hrs in no time
just making sure (: and good, still gives me enough time to get a gift (:
I'm lonely..
Boo boo was that Joan rivers n did cee loo have on bishop Eddie long robe?
Yay, having a #sisterday wit Haven't seen my sis in so long wit all the jobs...can't wait!!! :)
yeah it is lolz.
The new jaguar XKX concept!!! Damn!
Big News: will manage for
the zombie prom in NYC on June 9th. Thats whats happening!& the news is oversaturated with crap that doesnt have meaning. :-)
sorry i went shopping and I left my fone home and oh!
Ouch her tag's been demoted
I use to take bubble baths....but now I take Epsom Salt baths! Man getting old BLOWS~~~~~~
we are more connected to our surrounding spiritually than most are aware
If you're following and , tweet or DM us. We need a favor! x
Memphis is all fair weather fans you can say that easily considering there was no one at the games before last year
Do you use YouTube as a form of informing yourself on different subjects for work?
#fuuucckkkkkkkk its cool. i mean it was only a present from my dad..i guess i'll break the news to him tonight
Yes we played the #Rangers tonight you only pay juice when you lose and we don't do that much get on the list
Done eating.... Layin down looking paranormal state!
Why does everyone want their love to be like a movie when it only lasts 2 hours?
Thanks Luke!
Burnt-food-smell is always the worse thing to get out of the house. And clothes. And the dog.
Horrible news about Mo Rivera. Class act and one of the most dominant pitchers ever. Hope this isn't the end of the line for him.
ONE UNFOLLOW? REALLY?
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 86
ewwwwwww i think that's hogwash! if women were going to be intrinsically happy having babies there'd be fewer unwanted ones
"hustling at the beginning was paramount"
we've been burning all these trees & limbs in a giant pile in our field, now I smell like a campfire :)
Got new shoes for work. Had to get tennis shoes because my feet hurt, but they had some white on them so whipped out the sharpie!
You can't leave your swag at home.
This two weeks of spring break is amazing! Waking up at 11 every morning. Last night got to see Hunger Games with my brother. Awesome week!
": Republicans will own this #shutdown #Lastword" if it takes a shutdown to wake america up about r spending then so be it
“: Trash cans. Pittsburgh's tumbleweeds.” Haha Truth.
The cold wind blowing through NYC feels like winter. It's about time.
I am the only person in this laundromat. This is a new experience.
don't you mean ghost-writer?
Bak To Paris Today
fucking love the #DEATHSQUAD family. enjoy the weekend!
“: The Lakers vs. Who The Fuck Cares ” this is why I watch it on Altitude :)
I want it so.bad!
lol i love you
LOL still man why you gotta hate
When the tailgate drops the bullshit stops.
I miss reading Jake's tweets.
But is that surprising at all?
I don't like because she's cody simpsons sister. I like her because she is a classy young role model to all 13yr old girls.
I honestly don't know. I was more in a Miles Davis mood at the time
I know right?
Prepping for a shoot in Columbia tonight. We will post pics!
Good stuff! MT Help us choose a winner! Visit www.ontargetsite.com to check out some branding work & vote 4 On Target's logo
Any advice out there on how to get releases / bios into the All Music Guide system? Sending them stuff—for years—has gotten us nowhere.
Ah I'm so excited!! My Maid of Honor & BFF Emily joins the club, her boyfriend Julio just proposed to her at the Wiener Dog races!!
always amazes me that jump shooters get more calls than Rose attacking the rim.
You here again?
Jerel Worthy...love it
you ads have been superb......until the Marv Albert radio spot...ugh. Rethink .
Once my respect for you is gone, you really can't get it back..
Here are a couple of great ideas to cure a hangover
no, this'll be Texas, as this is where we both live. An early June morning is not that hot...as you should know in Alabama!
so much pressure to come up with something witty & insightful! I fear I may have over-promised on this twitter thing
Fuckin again, nah imma show you what u had & throw that shit in your face!
I SUPPORT CO-BRO!
all of sudden I have this huge craving for mozzarella sticks.
The observer cannot be left out of the description of the observation. -Dr. John A. Wheeler, physicist
Thanks, ! Would love to see you at #happyhour on Sept. 20! CC:
Still up but need to be sleep see u tomorrow sissy
The Browns picked a Weedle? Don't they realize he only knows how to use String Shot?
Digable planets ... er ... shabazz palaces about to go on ...
Strangers are just friends you haven't met yet. Get out there and meet new folks!
Big weekend!
There's nothing a late night swim can't fix!
recording some stuff on sunday!
I'd probably be reading if my book wasn't all the way downstairs. <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+0096>
Thanks for the mention and visiting us. I am glad you enjoyed the sandwich!
"Someday you will find me, caught beneath the landslide, in a champagne supernova in the sky" original quote by , stolen by oasis
haha I don't regret it but my brother still won't open his lol
Who wants to take shots of hand sanitizer?! Apparently that's the new thing to do lmfao.. Kids are seriously fucking stupid nowadays <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
My squad way to gone
Greyson Chance at the coffee bean a block from my house?...that's a new one :)
J. Hoberman being fired is the first horseman.
Have you met him? I'm quite intrigued by HoL too. Haven't read in years, so it may be time again.
You are pretty cool too!
So do I, but 'Cher Lloyd Will Rock NY' was trending and people were mad hating... Mainly females!
hey cuzzo wats ur number. I lost my contacts
'Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion' What does that mean to you?
Holmstrom doesn't know what he's going to do, admits the pain and lack of ice time plays a huge factor
they'll be here next Sunday the 22nd. Been looking forward to it for months!
RACE trailer plus interview on "Ringside Politics" - thank you Jeff Crouere! Show repeats this Sunday night, WLAE 32, Ch 14, 10.00-10.30 pm.
Eating lunch, woman at table next to mine is trying to sucker another woman into joining her pyramid scheme - I want to tell her to run.
Ha! I sprung that little otter ball! Isn't he adorable?
"you are one lucky bastard" needs to be someone's catchphrase. maybe a character on Downton Abbey?
bummer. Thanks for the info!
Need 10 to go and follow and for me! If you do, you get a shoutout to over 10k followers! #Retweet !
save your money for the NCAA finals
Looking for a talented Senior Oracle/Microsoft SQL Server DBA to provide database technology leadership to a team of developers building bu…
My sister choreographed an entire dance to that song when she was in 5th grade. I miss the bleached-out-fro-JT. RIP.
Babysitting an adorable lil girl =) she's 5
Time for some weekend fun! The most high energy party in #Pittsburgh happens Some tables still avail -
Probably. How are you using those skills now in your career?
Im really thinking about going, but ill have to talk to you guys to plan everything out
Y U MAD , ITS NOT LIKE IM LYING
Rob your so amazing!<3
I did my duty & ate choco chips. RT : National Chocolate Chip Day celebrates & enjoys chocolate chips.
thank you for Dirty Barbie! Totally familiar and totally new at the same time. Makes me proud to be a woman.
Happy Mothers Day To All The Mothers of The World...a little early I know, I'm even going to call Mom before all circuits are busy...
Starting this Friday, I'll be posting the Rant Sports College Football Mailbag! CFB questions? Send em my way!
Off to my #LeapDay date with at !
it would make not just my day but my year if you would reply to me
no link!
Happy Easter Everyone, we enjoyed easter egg hunting on the beach!!!
:))))RT“: Thank YOU and for having the guts to tackle sensitive topics with intelligence and compassion.”
I love hiking on days like this.
Good Old Harry is getting paid but is not doing any of the work...
Oh, and I saw Austin Kearns again. So there's that.
How do I always manage to end up next to the loud gum chewer
Had so much fun meeting fans, signing photos, doing interviews today, thank you ALL!!!
really upset about my phone..
Thank you my friend!
have u ever had a recycled dream? Like dream deja vu? You're in the dream going "I've dreamt this before."
Crowds gathering at Somers HS for Westchester budget hearing. Good to see so many who care so much
Praying you through both the good and the bad - You can do this!
lol well no, but get that annoyed look on my face, i be in the middle of stuff and moms just says the same things over n over
I LOVE my Kindle (original). I read a book or two a week now thanks to it. Never used a Nook but have an iPad and never use it!
I literally have 1/2 a friend in Arizona. Lonely as fuck.
in an alarming twist to watching the president (and Boehner - so frustrating), i find myself watching the bachelorette. #whoAREthesepeople?!
yes! I also like to sit there if I am by myself.
just tuned in to
Bed early. CrossFit early.
let's go!
I thought all big black ladies could sing...but after karaoke tonight I stand corrected!
A human system only supports conclusions that it arrives at. Participatory is initially harder, but ultimately more effective.
"Light Skinned" is BACK! Julian Williams, (my brother) Mark Campbell, and David Walker... Join Ntertania and check it out NOW! It's FREE...
Schrödinger has nothing on you..;)
Just started The Adventures of Augie March by Saul Bellow (One Book, One Chicago selection). How did I never read this before?
your such a sports fan and I need a new collectors club baseball idea to paint for this year- any thoughts?
You can't boo during a battle....its a battle!!! We gotta hear what's being said. Just my opinion.
Where are the fireworks in #cville coming from? #tomtom?
"playing hookie" or "paying hookers"?
Barring a turnover, that's the game! ...
Have you heard about the grafted tomatoes over at ?!
was it from Chipotle? Id like you to get her name please.
Uh-oh, it's only mid month and I'm dangerously low on my NYTimes freebies.
Wondering why there aren't more "guy" YA books. Guys read too!
Telling someone how you feel is honestly the hardest shit ever.
Artwork is being ransomed and being sold. Some artists are getting to sell thier artwork. Ain't it great?
Parents, what are your experiences with #teens with #autism? Are they interested in the opposite sex?
I am amazed at the composure Tebow has at 25 years old. That, to me, is truly his strong point. I like the guy.
Seasonal Affective Disorder is seeming less and less like a phony white-person syndrome.
Judge Patterson: "follow your passion; work on your strengths" #SACUBO attitude: "what does your staff say about you?"
talking to yourself again :)
I probably don't send about 70% of my tweets that I start to write. How this one made it through I'll never know
Anyone using ? What are your thoughts?
we have had a lot of requests for a mobile app. working on it currently. are you looking for dashboard?
Do you specify race, when talking about something completely unrelated? Fucking stop it! It's rude. ("my black friend, the asian kid" etc..)
thanks for the RT! :)
Happy 10th birthday to ! Best student org in (Yes, I am completely biased ;)
I could ask you the same question!
RT : Q5 - not enough user created content; my company still nervous about "unofficial" sources
Charlie's maxim: your neighbors should never, ever hear you. Unless you're talking *to* them.
"skeet skeet skeet water gun" ...damn Lil' Wayne those sweet words get me every time
Just went to wikipedia and then realized "oh, right. The internet's broken today thanks to SOPA."
Safe to assume that the Super 8 motel is the safest place in Flagstaff
they don't have the space. My friend recommended La Dolce Vita (plus it's next to Quack's Bakery).
Ass up nose down
Are you tweeting and driving?!
#bulls and #raptors time !
Friday is Tri-Star Motors Day!
So everyone make sure you give your mom a hug and kiss! And also tell her that you live her so much and wouldn't trade her for anything.
see me walk, see me FUCK, see me suck a lollipop... *slurp* M, wanna get MESSY.
Visiting family in Missouri! So much fun!
I love how no matter how good of a day I have, you ALWAYS screw it up. I hate my family, so much.
Hi Jeannie!!
new nomination: Hawk Harrelson
Gotta love the inevitable trip through a third world country.
Lunch time! Join us for lunch, we open at noon every Friday!
Most Relationships Fail Because Females Love Too Much, And Guys Love Too Many..
wow, i'm surprised that ie7 was dropped (yet elated).
Gonna be on '90210' this week - Tuesday, 8pm on the CW. My scenes are with the awesomely cool Check it out!
You see my mom comment on FB. She loves seeing pics to keep in touch. And she really connects w/ kids when she visits.
that's not what I intended. Lol. :)
so great meeting you gals last night!
You're the one wearing dumb ass heels not me so I'm just going to walk around you and your stupid huge bags and just scoot. Thanks
Hacked by love kendork hahaha loser
And out just as fast. Using Yardsale was such a pleasure, and a big improvement on Craigslist.
I heart ! Good move #FSBraves. She makes me want to watch the #Braves!
RT : What's most important in keeping teachers in their jobs?
nice. Congrats. Hope to attend next year's
Convos over Twitter seems a bit like an email turn-based chess match... there's a bit of inherent latency between blurbs.
“Our food should be our medicine and our medicine should be our food.” ~Hippocrates
Jason Aldeans new song.. Fly Over States..
OMG your inflight cookies are so good!
yes lol i finally got one #canyoubelieve that :)
who got money on for the first game knicks or heat????
looking great!! Dominate that interview girl!!! :)
Thanks. It just happened.
the live video of paramore performing pressure in anaheim looks so much like like with the balcony and bar and stuff
they were all great performances ..
I'm not surprised! You organized!
Don't b sad at goodbyes. A farewell is necessary b4 u can meet again. & meeting again, after moments or lifetime, is certain 4 friends.
Why do some people think it's impossible for a man and a woman to be JUST FRIENDS!!!!
so sorry just seeing this message. Hope things are well with you
Who did you hit?
THAT GROWN MAN SH%T ON DECK MAD BUTTON DOWNS 10DEEP KID ROBOT STUSSY PLAY CLOTHS & ROCK SMITH !! WE KEEP AZ SEXXY
Both champs, right?
Would love to list you house! Why are you wanting to move? It's such a great area! Sounds like u got a little rowdy lst night
lol its never too late..*hint hint*
When You See My Friends is available on iTunes now. :') getitgetit
BEYONCEISPREGNANT# congrats to B & J
Good Morning
i don't wanna go to dance tonight because i feel sick. but of course my mom is making me go.
Fuel's right around the corner, doll. #FreshAirIsGoodForYou. :-) (if i were home, i'd deliver for you)
I am getting a little annoyed at ppl knocking NC. It is the 32nd state to pass this amendment & the ppl spoke. It's democracy at work.
Lamborghini Urus: photos and details leaked
well, it seems like they are fighting. it looks like niall and louis are mad at each other, and harry and zayn for something
:* I'm old been doing it for like 20 years. It's my special talent.
The same person who laughs and talks a lot and seems very happy, could be the person who cries themselves to sleep.
"This is huge news for ! There will be a huge turnout of independents who are sick of political games!”
I can use most of what I've already written, but I need to figure out where it goes, how to tweak it, etc. Will have to do that >
Local CBS affiliate isn't showing the men's final of the US Open. What a Djok.
love sucks if u dont have love dont say it unless u mean it to some body lol i need to make it up to 400 help me please love u guys
Longest drive EVER just took place... I'll miss the Kenwood kids tomorrow. Will be back Monday :)
Thank you! So nice to hear that.
you like that speech today? Invogorating.. In case you missed it, watch BO's previous 4 speeches. Carbon copy.
I think it's a must - have mostly because you made it. I have to get my virtual copy
Sittin in boring history one more class period to go the I go home :)
She won't even see it coming !
I was just going to say something, but I forgot when I started looking at you.
You're too tired to talk on the phone for like a minute, really? It's things like this that make me think you're with her. Ugh.
I'm telling myself I'll be okay. I'm getting stronger without you. :-)
I'm the bull goose loony . . .
Schiraldi: Only high-risk, dangerous kids should be in facilities. Kids should be treated in homes whenever possible.
First you drop it in the toilet, then you get pissed for about 3 hours and then go back to your old phone.
looking forward to dinner Wednesday
daang, what a great friend you are lol.
That's horrible!
has to be my favorite "new" comedian. Hilarious.
Is at the lakefront watching the fireworks with his family and laughing at this lady talking on her cell next to us. She is too funny!
Hey EVERYBODY !!!!!!
ATTN: Local LA Bands! Email yr info to if you're interested in participating in a summer music event hosted by WiredIn!
Just talked to Becca at the event details have been confirmed. Super excited!
As says, Mambo's might be an option. Been looking for one myself. Lots of impostors out there.
Beautiful day today. Tried to shoot hoops at scenic park by lake...until massive amount of goose crap on basketball court interfered.
& I've got some nice stops along the way back "there" LOL. Much luv!
follow back?:), it'd be great to be able to keep intouch, you really inspired me!:)
Since when are the Spurs like... super close to OKC? 40-13 and 36-14? I need to check the standings more often :P
I'm busy
#FF Thanks for the RTs this week! via
Agreed. And he's THREE! Ew!
don't say it doesn't matter cause it's gonna matter to me <3
i'll come by tomorrow - are you in the shop?
For what???
#kids Collin Creek Mall presents a garden of butterflies at Collin Creek Mall, Mon, May 14 10:00a: Collin Creek Mall will be aflutter...
black ppl immature#grow up
Jamming to Angels and Gentlemen on the way to mall. This will be a great car ride.
o ok give both of them kisses for me
wait, do the ones you took of me 2 years ago count????
Shower is done!(:
Learn how to grow your own vegetables in tight spaces at the Centre Branch on May 15th at 5:30 p.m. Pre-register online or call 251-3700.
Love having a park follow me.
Thanks and for coming to Change Mgmt in HigherEd #E11_SESS063 #EDU11 ! Hit me with any questions!
Big time accident. will have an update in 10mins! RT I would LOVE to know what the fudge is going on on the 290E.
Of course Bridesmaids would put me in a better mood
Just had the most amazing dinner courtesy of Edge Hill College, Lancashire w/ and Jane Clarke Rocks!
What do you do? I eat one cake chocolate! Love
#Dateline is so fascinating tonight!
Interested in hearing where you tried this...E La Carte is getting lots of traction on the POS integration front.
Tweaking is a friendly word, except when noses are involved.
The stupidest fucking TT are trending right now. -__-
when's good for you guys?
Egging on Twitter for the first time. Delightful!
“ When i get home - ima watch Columbiana for the 10000th time!”
nice shout out to the 'bird in the fiveonfive today. One of my favorites
#Minneapolis family reunited after long adoption process. Meet the Takata children on Fox at 10.
#lmn!! It's been too long
I need my own space and my own car
Last class ever after this seminar presentation today. All #dissertation from here.
“: 2nd place is the first loser” lol just doin the best at losing
Refactoring the GUI code today to expose content creation functionality!
Goal of the course not to teach programming: because it's a humanities course, not a computer science course.
At the end of the 1st inning in gm.1, Idaho State came out swinging with 0-2 jump start on the Viks! Let's get it going,ladies!
Aw Lucky looked so nice.
Wohoo been trying to fall asleep for 2hrs now.
#JakeFricksBigHead have you ever seen me wear a hat? There's a reason.
HAPPY HOUR TIL 7! We've got the NFL package on Sundays with Happy hour deals starting at 1pm! $3 select drafts, $3 house wines, $3 rails
Damn that Wizards of Waverly Place and its supernatural powers that make me stare blankly at the screen whenever it airs.
Jennifer Hudson is really making me appreciate the cover of "I Will Always Love You" in PUTTY HILL.
If you're having trouble managing your life I recommend reading 'Getting Things Done' by David Allen
have a break~
Civil unions won't be equally protected under future laws that do not apply to marriage , and are simply a method of placation.
Hard to say. I would have thought a branch would be broken if it were a crow. They are so big. Branch is so tiny. So sad.
Where are you sitting at the game? Maybe I can see you on TV.
Dory: "Hey I just met you, and this is crazy. Hey i just met you."
asdfghjkl it's beyond perfect
Does anyone have a Boxee invite?
Sony CEO Rolf Schmidt-Holtz said today that pursuit of the UK's EMI, the label owning the music of The Beatles, was not out of the question.
time for some track practice! Good morning rain.
I met a lot of cats and mnobestvo thinkers, but the wisdom of cats is immeasurably higher.
all bad smh
Joe, can I get a birthday RT from my favorite commentator?
Dump Explorer! Switch to Mozilla Firefox and Thuderbird!
so you're not a hoe...but you been ing religiously since you were 14?
Thx to of , Tony Seaman, Frank DeFord, & for joining , this AM!
On the phone with a hot babe! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
*realize, omg I'm starting to write British lol
“: Yesirrr congratz to training partner and friend for the ko win!!” it was awesome!!
Cheers for Carnival Of Rust....beautiful!!!
#LimpBizkit signs wit
Love you more babez! Sorry i keep ditching haha <3 my name is Kelsi.
Same bullshit as usual.
Just in time for Christmas! Buy 4 gift certificates to Jimmy's Island Grill and get 1 free!
my pleasure!!:D
there are a lot of concerts I want to hit up between now and fall here and in chicago
Morning!! :)) You should have some Melon for breakfast.
Have a gently used yoga mat you're not using? would be happy to take it off your hands for their NEW Song Circle Class!
So I finally made a bottle, gave Ed a bit (he's yet to grasp the concept of drinking from a bottle) and stuck the rest in the fridge.
let me know before 11:30
tlking abt the history of top classical ballet companies being closed to artists of color.
Saw Death Of A Salesman last night and it blew me away. Reminded me why I am an actor.
planning a spinning weekend!
getting on twitter
Did the real Carl Crawford get lost somewhere between Tampa and Bostonj Maybe an Amber Alert is needed.
Uncle Tom? Lol are you just expressing through stream of consciousness all that frustrates you @ the black community?
There should be an iphone app that lets you update your own blog that is on your own server. Anyone agree? Lets develop one!
After watching bruce almighty I can't imagine gods voice being anyone else's but morgan freeman retweet if you agree
Some of you may think this sounds asinine but it's true. You can pretty much gauge the intelligence of a person by the way they use
Four hours of sleep and two glasses of sangria and I'm out of commission. Is this what being a mom is like?
she handled it well, she was just like aw no he's like my brother! but you could tell she was kinda creeped out
sound like the teacher's coming out in you.
Don't miss FuseBox Theatre: The Craigslist Show - this Saturday at 8pm at Cafe Coco. 2-for-1 tickets at fuseboxtheatre.com/secret
<U+261D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0089>RT : O lord this ninja got on soulja rees lmao
No reason (except extra .50 each) not to do both. Jacket for ad copy and sales in shop, remove to prop up and use in kitchen.
tell her that 5 people's careers are depending on her
so pissed we are leaving for Maryland earlier in the day. You sticking around Cleveland Sherrod??
Time to flip the script!
True it's a vicious cycle
teehe! it's okay..obviously loves you and has accepted you just the way you are ;)
Jack Flowers from the Boondocks?
: first thing this morning was finishing paper, then driving to class. Unusual morning.
Shout out to my peeps at hit them up for studio time and don't forget to follow!!!
Any fans of Stephen Jerzak, Relient K, and Automatic Loveletter, I get to interview all of them on Sunday, so send in your questions!
Let us know of ideas for future videos! www.FreeSweat.com
I'm hot and tired and stressed. So in normal.
No, I am a man. I can shut my brain down by command...ah SportsCenter,,,Later...
I didn't understand most of Katy Perry's Grammy perf. - or the blue hair. But I remember my Dad's opinion of Elton John. Uh oh - I'm old.
automated message about Steelers books can suck a fat one. Being a Steelers fan is about as impressive as learning how to hear.
Just used my parents' cable account to snag HBO GO (because Time Warner sucks). It could be a dangerous drain on my productivity.
Follow me !!
Cool- DM me your email & when I get home I will send you thr rules. Have you ever used Vassal? Its an open-source game platform.
Early morning: Gourmet To Go is catering for an all-day meeting hosted in our W. Mtg. Room w/ meals on the balcony.
Taking a nap is a good way to refresh disrupted feelings.
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 255
no. buy a cubegame from yabe
New House baby.
And Derek Fisher ahead of all. RT : Ryan Braun is now trending on twitter. Take that Dirk Nowitzki and Kevin Durant! go #Brewers!
This 4th quarter is crazy
Haha shut up
love you both!
Happy mothers day to all the mamas out there, yall are amazing!!
Do you take good care of yourself out of guilt or the desire to be as healthy as you can be?
It's going to be the longest day ever. Absolutely no patients on the schedule.. Why did I get out of bed for this?!
Although i will be attending Capitol Punishment this weekend in DC plzzz dont let Rtruth touch that title.. im in your corner
saw your show in chicago - in my son's words you are a "flat out beast" you were absoultely terrific- really enjoyed it
"Enlightened trial and error succeeds over the planning of the lone genius" - P. Skillman, IDEO.
way too much lipstick, a comb & concealer “: What #beauty products do you ALWAYS keep in your handbag?”
just in case I forget, happy 30th buddy, welcome to the old man club. :)
No school for me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
How come no one ever messes up on #TheVoice? It's live, but no falls, missed lines or nip slips! How is that?
oh sorry. I wasn't informed!
Ah, Daylight Savings Time. Every Alcoholic's favorite holiday!
RT if you're in love with writing! :)
BAHAHAHAHAHHAA True, true!! Better wrapp your presents before you put it in someone gift box!! ;)
tonight MSG will be like McKale
Indeed! I was discussing CO for my next move though :)
Real shit, I be wanting to hang out n shit but I don't fux wit too many ppl
Clousers jet landing soon. Should be a solid weekend hanging with the Penn ave peeps from trumansburg.
I think it's bold, progressive, and in all honesty quite overdue. What are your thoughts?
Rest in peace my nigga!
Enjoy it while it lasts #Athletics fans. Inge probably won't get you another basehit for a couple more weeks the way he hits.
Don't forget! Save $100 on any event when you book by the end of January!!!
COMING SOON!!! THE LAST DAY!!!
Jon Gruden just said if you give Russell Wilson a legitimate chance to win starting QB job in Seattle, he'll win it.
Four months and 20 days until my 21st birthday. Awesome!
Yeah, I'm awake. Wish I was asleep again. Still trying to flip schedule & my attitude back to normal. My patterns will have To change.
Countdown: 74 days
Would you like a pretty lie OR thee ugly truth?
I don't hate these LSU uniforms.. But I still hate the entire team
Mckays is stupid
only a matter of time til he's throwing gatorade jugs at john buck
Do you have something by Fulanito? How'bout "El cepillo"? I don't know if that's the name actually :/
Today I saw some video diaries <3 LOL
Why an I always hungry? Anorexics need to tell me their secret.
Happy birthday ~~~>
RIP Maurice Sendak.
I want to say no, but we will find out later today during Art & Anarchy
It needs to sit for a month before it will start tasting good. I'll let you know!
it should happen! I'd watch it! lol.
Im singin "Bitch im paid that's all i gotta say im like who knew"-
thanks! Mine for you as well. I have always wanted to work abroad.
let me know how it is!
Need a code because gears is the only game i play
Why do sports analysts say, "That should not have been called in that situation..." ? Fouls and penalties don't have situational rule books.
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter the first person I followed was
Why does report stories about washed up nobody has beens who were barely relevant 20-30 years ago??
Yup, you could be who you want. Be who you is, never be who you aren't
Good lord soccer is so damn stupid. I'd rather get kicked in the face with a golf shoe than watch this.
'Oh my god, look at him, he is in a living hell.' re: facebook group with baby photos.
Info IS voterpower. Release taxes if running 4 Congress 52 days ago #LoriSaldana52 did. the rest of the pack? Not
Had a great meeting with H/H Superintendent today. ADLandHeARTs for Autism may bring in after school programs for spec. ed. students & sibs!
you don't know me and I don't know you but I just wanted to say that your really cute :)
Do you smell what the Rock is cookin!
Merry christmas everyone!
Oh sorry i forget ur not spanish lol it means whatz the matter?
Did you just shout that wish to me or act it out? Either way, THANKS! ;)
U looking real thuggish, in ur Hollister ex-medium T-Shirt.
Thank you! I've recently launched and looking to create a strong marketing campaign. Is that something you can help with?
I thought it was clever! Haha RT : More ppl got my joke on Facebook than here. So... you sit there and think about that, Twitter
hear hear! no truer words about "genius wrangler" & where did cool lightning graphic come from?
I think you need to add a profile picture. Just saying.
Weird conference today. Parent screamed at me, cried, and finally hugged me all within a 2 hour conference.
Fair enough. I just feel like there isn't currently a lot of discovery of cool new stuff in
Writing Retreat #2 scheduled! A short 2 day trip to Yorba Linda! Our goal: FINISH the first book that we started in Palm Springs!!
This weekend >>>
Two wrongs don't make a right, but they make a good excuse. -Thomas Szasz
School tomorrow. HORRAY. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
well working for Disney does do that
Israel security boss &#39;meets EU brass over Iran talks&#39;
I played the Big Gamer on Campus Instant Win Game & Sweepstakes for a chance to score big prizes! Check it out www.biggameroncampus.com
In addition to flowers we also have a wedding accessory superstore! We have everything u need for your big day!
thank you.
part of it is just.. the contrast between ~how i used to be~ and the fact that i had no idea they had a new album coming out
Good to be at Miller Park tonight. Is the roof staying open?
which one
it was but I laughed hard af lol RT : It's corny but it is pretty funny
The next moment goes as it comes. We're pregnant with the future and past. We need only give birth in the constant present between terms.
I feel so naked without my phone
People would say granted desktop is Microsoft's. They will never get the Server. Well now the Cloud shifts paradigms big time!
I thought you were on our team?
From an IT ad: "The IT Team works closely with the (mostly female) stylist team." Seriously?
Last day of build week, thankfully it cooled off from the last 2 days. 7 new homes in MKE
When u have feelings for someone you look into their eyes...if they don't mean anything, you just simply look at them
thanks for the continued support and shout outs. We really really appreciate it!
Share share share share!!!!!!!!! Havelin and I are all ears..or eyes..
Charlie Sheen could have stayed off TV indefinitely as far as I'm concerned.
oh. my. gosh. Was not expecting that.
Short blew everyone away, dungy gor 5th, canard won over roczen just barely at #mxon. Time to have an international pit party!
So excited for our Hunger Games program at this afternoon!!
Colors and design would be more effective than signage, by far. And look a lot cooler.
Dustin Brown #American hero
How's boxing match?
anyone looking for Promo Shoots!? Or Logos/Designs! hit me up! :)
Giants going Down!!
Romney is very rapidly turning back into a slightly liberal moderate. I wouldn't mind voting for him, actually.
are the baseball guys home yet? cause nobody can get a hold of him..
- anyone want to help me paint?
Tomorrow I will to have a hard test, of a boring teacher! :]
thank goodness I wasn't the only one thing that.
#icantdeal with mary j blige giving vocal coaching. Anyway, let me text my vote in for Jessica Sanchez, she killed that
Artemus Ward~ I have given two cousins to war and I stand ready to sacrifice my wifes brother.
Now i need some pussy now, because the Lakers lost i need to cheer up!! lol
San Antonio: Temps today will be above avg. high 88. It will turn much cooler tomorrow and Saturday. Today: M/sunny and very warm, high 88.
Alice, omg. You're so pretty.
“The secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes.”
great to hang last night. I'm not sure what I like more, your beer obsession or your colorful scarf. You wear both well.
is home..off till Monday!!
I tend to test people on their loyalty, honesty, and how real they are <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Don't know I don't speak french. I just proved lack of sleep means bad jokes
HAHAHAH - Just died laughing!!
FITTED CAP ON ;-)
FTW in the Times yesterday!
do u like the over138?
Christina Coursey! Your kindness has floored us! Thank you so much!
Lot's of composing this week. Feeling good.
RT : I love that #PDX is featured on Bing today! B-E-A-UTIFUL
Kicking off ArtsDay with a packed house of creative community leaders.
Deepest sympathy to
craving chocolate all day today! Maybe I should get some #Hanukkah gelt
Woah - sounds kinda... interesting.
What a dull press conference that was......
swagg... so you new to twitter huh lol
#OWS Fact: More have now been arrested for protesting financial crimes than # of bankers arrested for committing those crimes.
thank you. i wish more people would consider there are kids involved and approach this with calm and compromise and hope.
no thank you for making my morning better watching the news (:
I'd give you one except I need them all.. sorry
S/O to my brotha cousin
RT “ RT : Be a good steward of your body. We are fearfully and wonderfully made!
I think I shall sleep meow~
im miss the time were I could wear what I wanted in school .indianapolis Indiana know what I'm saying
Up early to train. I know people like and partying last night and still sleeping now while I get better
If any of you Ladies are Missing Out on Mother's Day, because You don't have a Baby. Just DM me. I can Help You Out with That. No Problem.=)
Holy shit! A deer just ran out in front of us by Penfield!
And I need, my anger not to control.
India: "Hey guys! Remember the rule: Ladies first!"
This game may be an east coast rivalries, but these auto and manufacturing commercials are pure
SPOT on!
TheMoreUmakeMeSee? SONG OF THE DAY THE CLOSER I GET TO YOU, Roberta Flack
#nwxportland planning with and !! Don't forget to mark your calendars Mar 9-11, 2012 with
Sad, but true.
seems like your having fun! I'm working late call you later.
Go Behind The Scenes Of Skyfall With Daniel Craig, Javier Bardem And Berenice Marlohe Talking Bond.
9/30 Entree Special: House Cured Leg of Duck Confit with French Green Lentils, Garlic Spinach & Caramelized Onion Reduction Sauce
Pittsburgh Craft Beer Week's website is now up. You can submit applications for events. Follow to stay updated.
u oughta tell her to holla
Epicenter for this a.m.'s earthquake was about 2 miles from my house. A few things got knocked over, picture frames a little crooked.
Every time a Big Ten player gets picked in NFL draft, I see highlights of IU getting mauled. Ouch to the Hoosiers!
Did you get my DM?
next 10 tweet i love Justin Bieber gets 20 DM'S to Justin and i'll follow you :)
My momma says to tell your momma "Happy Mother's Day xoxo" RT Happy Mother's Day to all the beautiful mommas out there! x
Welcome to twitter :)
Congrats on the win
Add to that surround sound, if you have that kind of system, and Blu-ray is still a very attractive option.
My mom needs to keep her word. Don't say you're gonna do something if you're not going to. -.-
Time to finish packing for my trip tomorrow... I need to get the Bus Driver moving too. He has a lot of work ahead of him tomorrow!!
Showers off the the W & S will make there way to #RVA overnight. Expect continual shower activity throughout tomorrow. Hi 75
is failing doing our work for us.
New music coming soon !!!!!!!! In the mean time check out my joints !!!!!!!!
who ever Fucks Sarah Palin got to be hard up cause her Hubbie Ted is a Fag
"Luke, I am your test scorer." "No. It's not true. It'll never be true!"
Can we talk about that experience a bit? How weird is it to write your own press releases?
hi Ralph! The lad has been jamming w/his electric cello at school
Well done, Tony. And that fish went BACK into the river. You rock.
And valpo lays 19 point beating on butler. Good win.
I feel you lol me too
Are you guys using blogs@ Baruch blogs? Which class?
He bowls in another league tonight so we will update you with that score tonight to help your guesses for this week.
RT : Congratulations to on his Spot News photo award with the NY Press Club!
he said sweet dreams. aw dats cute
If not controlled, work will flow to the competent man until he submerges.
For a balanced #dog consistency in all areas is required which includes everyone in the family who interacts with your dog
Love it! My #twitter friends showing in numbers this week! Keep it going! & , you too!
Errands to run & things to do...
I'd like to see more coverage on the pending Free Trade Agreements with Panama, Colombia & Korea. Good for local jobs & econo
-_- I need to sleep obviously. I can't freaking text to save my life. P.L.U.R.<3
Health Care Reform was signed into law one year ago today. Still waiting for the fire and brimstone? So are we.
Come see us at the FGCU study abroad fair today in the student plaza/breezeway!
Also, thanks to the flight attendant on 166 out of Nashville who led us in a rollicking spinoff of Proud Mary--made my day.
Nope! No dress code...if you're comfortable, so are we!
Kobe's damn near bald
Chen Guangcheng puts Wen Jiabao to another test on his call for political reform.
we did! Thanks! My boss had not been to that location in 42 years! Enjoy your day!
Marine Corps to discharge sergeant for Facebook posts critical of President Obama
Run of offensive right tackles/guards. There goes Cordy Glenn to #Bills, Jonathan Martin to #Dolphins. When does Mike Adams go?
Want to spend lotso money? Paxton Chophouse is THE BEST. RT : lookin for the best steakhouse in Omaha, any suggestions?
yes! :D that would be fun to be able to go! :)
It's a very good point, but have to admit I was looking for more out of the Americana tent.
- we're back online, have you been able to download the album yet? If not please email us at
lol wow been
Back to work. Testing my new Revit Plugin on coworkers computer. Hello World!
I need some new faces for shoots. Dallas' beautiful faces need to get at me...
I remember u to sexy i'm gud how r u
I followed!
You're kinda being a slut.
My tweets are not showing up in the #broman search. :(
It smells like a zoo in the boys bathroom
Viva la Tampa!
yeah we are both hooked on the series! You need to read up before the release date!
Oh Long Johnson!
Ok Chloe..now relax. Oops..Chloe can't relax..its a conspiracy..
Life is just a pain in the ass sometimes...
Facebook seems to be down 'for required maintenance'. On a Sunday?
just listened to your songs on your site- Great voice!
ADD US TO YOUR MYSPACE!! myspace.com/thepulse983
Walking on a sidewalk. A pigeon just cut me off.
Hey, what about getting some Mexican this weekend?
There are a # of these companies that take this approach to claims. Thank you, the response makes me think of new topics to write about.
There is no evidence whatsoever that "The World Turned Upside Down"-or any music-was played during the Yorktown surrender.
- It's most definitely real. The reporter (cough, cough, ) is proud of it. Check her timeline. Embarassing.
listening to JLo and reading Hume
You ladies are awesome! Glad we could do this today!
let me know how is goes! Where you at on the line up?
Singing jazz at Tula's in Seattle this Wednesday, November 25th with 4 other great vocalists. It's my birthday Thursday too. Gobble, gobble.
come study with Hillel! snacks and study rooms for everyone!
I am not speaking figuratively... Men literally walk over broken glass to see me. If women do that for you...can we be friends?
But I do know I'm not buying a Game of Thrones bundle while the Kindle version is 30% more expensive than the paperbacks.
u r #scandal ous !! Great show!
Grammys was OK last night could have been Berta but I dont know wat in the world Nicki was doing? Smmfh threw...
Thats the Big Question WHY??? Me??? Wish I was born with a silver spoon in my Mouth... I luv Giving But Hate Asking 4 Shit
people with time have no money and people with money have no time..
ugh yeah very up and down but nice to see Ovi score that final Power Play goal since he struggled in game 1 (ONE shot on goal!!)
"Attitude is Everything"
The bluffer had 78o and AKo (AK high) called the bluff. Ace high won
Your so whipped i loue it! ;)
A lot of people should have stepped it up in the post season - Hossa before injured, Toews, Sharp....Kane had 4A
People we are thankful for: awesome actor and associate producer
uh-oh. only 2 followers. :(
And then I was handed the hat of grant writer on top of the 15 other hats I wear. This better come with a raise.
I'm pretty excited about the 5th kingdom. I want to be their queen.
Robert Morse of US News & World Report to speak at 2010 CHEA Annual Conf. and Intl. Seminar. See the Preliminary Program at www.chea.org.
Sending love to all the mommies! Happy Mother's Day!
email sent
RT : Humility gives us both the willingness to change & the vision to make the changes we need to make.
We shall slay this stereo dragon with much cursing, pre-renders, & casually dropping the term "convergence," in reviews.
what did i say that was hateful towards him?
two words "jamaican winters" lol
I guarantee it. RT ": That Men's Wearhouse guy is intimidating! Does anyone ever tell him they don't like they way they look?"
Lots of useful links & reports about knowledge management from over the past 24 hrs.
Its the apocalypse, last night, everyone slept for 2 years, it is now 2012. :(
10 tips to beat the ticks
The 10,000 dollars would go to my college education.
We will be at SlutWalk DC on Saturday as a sponsor - giving away memberships and tattoos...
hahahahahaha yay! What about thursday, you have that singing class group thing
#AskRyan Are you going on tour any time soon?
Can't really be upset about something that had an expiration date from the get go
Great presentation today from B. Follow them now.
thanks for being here. Great job!
Great hearing random cars in traffic tuned into on I-95 south... Kudos
YOur always welcome. ^^
Yep, studying is never gonna happen after everything that went down today.
Ty! Common sense would tell naysayers this, but alas, they resist.. :) In case you thought
It was good & shocking. I cant wait for u to see it.
Are you a Fergie fan? Then #follow us! <U+2665>
it's cool. Tomorrow at 10:30. Can ya make it??
Woman gives birth Woman: I think I'll name her Sara. Doctor: I'm sorry, but that name's already taken.. May I suggest Sara89 or Sara_13?
Oh Tia! You were just on talking about your show. Btw, Cree is so beautiful!
ATSU keeping those affected by #Joplin tornado close to heart. All students accounted for. More to come as we have it.
YEAH, BUT TOTALLY LIP SINGING.RT : Madonna is still freaking SEXY #superbowl Rocking!!! LETS GO Giants.
Been gone for a while now I'm back!!
I got the voodoo for you bitches
Wow! Pella Encompass / Architect Series products receive Consumer Digest 'Best Buy' classification. Contact Pella Fella Jeff (505) 362-0529
Always stand for something
whats the plans
in London at the DCMI Bibliographic Metadata Task Group meetings... just getting started now...
Please do email us to . I can always work out a special discount for you. Very important commentary!
Yes, You should!(:
Learning music together also gives kids a chance to make friends with people from backgrounds different from theirs.
Have you downloaded our new app yet? Check it out on the iPhone and Android market
MOVING DAY!!
job issues?
Headed back to the airport and home again, way too early to be up
#DontChuHateItWhen the phone rings, you answer it, and all you hear is the dial tone
Are u coming over or what?
I'm really curious to see if they are able to track those rascals down
Audition Tip: Be careful when changing gender of an audition piece. Consider lyric, style, & appropriateness.
Daughter managed to snag #ComicCon badges. Only two days, but better than the devastating prospect of no days. That would have been ugly.
Thanks so much again for the reliable updates on the meeting.
young sir?
Pick ANY 1st year starter & go look up 1. stats, 2. wins, 3. playoff success. All three combined makes Tebow Top 5 in last 20yrs
Have a great time at the Eugene Marathon tomorrow.
I accept
Wonderful show tonight in Vegas. Now back home watching a documentary on Ponce de Leon while practicing the fastest card trick in the world.
Sorry I'm so awesome!
hey! Sorry!!! Stop by next Saturday :)
I've been up all day...I haven't even sleep...i'm still on this bus going back home to Jacksonville, NC...I miss my bed. -.-
Discipline, is the root word for disciple, teach/model to your children how you want them to behave so they respect you.
: The vendor used to pitch cabinet sales while you shop is a tacky sales technique irritating.
Pos get to work! RT : #latinos wearing #sxsw badges being "mistaken" for the help at #sxswi >>
Chat! Or I can just DM you if that's easier!
Thanks! We are very excited to be there Monday morning!!!
BGHS rugby team won 3 of 4 matches at a tourney over the weekend! BG rugby is made up of Battle Ground, Prairie & Skyview high schools.
got the picture today!! Thank you so much!!
Jessica is a fine singer but she has no personal style :( Not a super star. Sorry, girl.
can't wait to get on YouTube tonight
Is it the screen ?
2011 Top Eye Candy Goes to Ryan Gosling —Duh! When Bradley Cooper was dubbed People 's "Sexiest Man Alive, " there was a cry of outrage
I think I haven't even started this term mentally. I'm still on December time aka break.
I think I met another Mr. Jeff Bennett fan. But Im MORE than just a fan! ;) That man sure knows how to handle things hehe HES MINE!
Besides me #Who Up
was she answering a question? was her arm in traction? enquiring minds, etc.
Flemings burger is way better than JJs. Couldn't pass that up.
Show & Tell? When does a portfolio belong in the interview process . . .
If your lawyer has a ponytail you're going to prison
Now they are running a tile cutter above my head. Awesome.
My boy is 2-0 at wrestling meet today
I don't even know who you are anymore.
Ah! Love you too!!!
USA women win it :D
Are you going to one or both?
Let's hear it! What is the funniest thing you've seen happen on a golf course?
Ah crap NO. GO AWAY D':
's not skill thats true skill
Flying is hours and hours of boredom sprinkled with a few seconds of sheer terror. Pappy Boyington, WWII pilot
its a great song
How much do you spend recording your songs?
That horrible sinking feeling when you learn one of your fave artists "found Jesus" and all she sings now is god-y music. Ick.
I went to my first specialty yarn store over the weekend. I'll be blogging about it later this week but it was a magical experience.
some people just dont know when to grow up
Do you need Change Management to implement Change Management?
Roll of Thunder, hear my cry, hear it roll on past the Lakers by and by...
I love The Fray, but what the hell is this?
Reading my essays from last semester. I wrote a paper on the degrassi theme song. Blah blah blah, school.
yo Devin Im gona be at the show tomorrow and im filming my audition for the pit reporter wondering if you would be in it!
No chruch in the wild!!!
Very good!
Thanks for following. Good luck with your new idea. Sounds like you need to do it!
I am officially a Scentsy consultant!!! I'm so very excited! (:
I never realized how badly the projector in this room mangles the picture until watching 's video.
I be ducked off
tx for the follow
no I belong to 24 hr
yeah absolutely! I'll be at ; but introduce yourself on the meetup page and the guys will hack with you!
the kings are playing like they have been playing drinking games...badly
okay let me find you doing something else
: So good to see you, hope to see you out and about again soon! :)
Nothing better than sitting on my deck in Wisconsin listening to the
yeah, but I think everyone else reporting it is based off of them?
I'm tweeting Half Marathon times for Leah Lang in real time on race day. Brought to you by Verizon
When I see a bruised apple at the market, I give it a soft hug and whisper, "Who did this to you?"
just fucked cleve up in college basketball wit kansas jayhawks....who next depaul
It's official: Jeffrey Kirks will be portraying the role of Quinn in our new scifi short #Knock. -JO
Fact: followers before "the tweet": 70,486. 36 hours later: 78.261. 10% increase for those keeping score.
"Watching Punk'd" is treading
the flight at the gate next to me is heading to Detroit. Should I jump on it instead of going to Vegas?
#2ChainzNextLyrics Yo boyfriend he super lame.Yo girlfriend a major pain. She darkskin with black lips that b**** look like GUCCI MANE!
Every guy I know that ran track said they only ran to see the girls lol
Tweeting from Can Mobile Interpretation Also Be Social?
Romans 6:14 For sin will have no mastery over you, because you are not under law but under grace.
Happy Mother's Day!! Appreciation for all the past and present moms who birth/ raise our nation unselfishly and lovely all 365 days a year!
The Microsoft Office 2007 dictionary doesn't seem to contain the word "hijinks." How can that be, for such a colorful and useful word?
Between the optimist and the pessimist, the difference is droll. The optimist sees the doughnut; the pessimist the hole! Oscar Wilde
Forgive my husband Ryan G. for Crazy Stupid Love. We needed the easy money for our kitchen remodel.
Wow...looking forward to the end result...although the journey is great to follow too...nice to see a team at work!
Pork roll PIZZA FRIES!
Very well played! RT : Pick up Craig Monroe. Tell him that's all he gets to do.
so excited for #glee tonight!!!!! ;) I want to see how Rachel's audition goes
My mom isn't here today (not like that...she's on vacation!), but still proud to say "Happy Mother's Day!"
I keep it on and poppin!
Hi Jorge! One day I want that hug in person!
Um I might be twitter stalking you. Idk though... Maybe.
Ha nah you are cool Augie! Dude what happened wiff you and callaghan?
Thank you for playing for yesterday!!! So great to see you! Hope to see you soon!
Giving students the power and then watching them strive for excellence is an incredible teaching experience. -Catherine Doanne
Adele - Make you feel my love <U+2764>
Another kennedy dead ?
M about to sleep so good.
Dylan!!! Tell us already! We're dying here!. :/
Chil, that's not even me. Lmfao just don't come at me wrong or I will destroy you.
Im at LSU for another tourney! ill be back on tuesday.
Great #leadership cant exist only @ the top. Leadership excellence must define your organization like a strand of DNA.
In the studio with make sure you all tune in now!! Max 94.1
you know.
Not to impressed with first show hosts but it might get better
Good, your Bro needs a good ass kickin' and your just the guy to give it to him.
I sure did pick up some white socks but I doubt they gonna fit u. Lol. U can use them as a beanie though
Time to T.I.U.
RT : Since we're scaffolding-covered we decided to give away something chocolate-covered; come in, today only, for free choc.
RT True friends don't try to control you—they help you be what God wants you to be.
The ball is starting to slowly roll!
after the party, the after party. then the after after party. finally the after after after party. no lie. got home at 5am. go '09.
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail -
Some say: If you do not believe the end justifies the means. Then you are not a Democrat. ,)
Snuck 40s into the avengers but to no avail. decided to drop his and ruin everyone's fun
I miss you jess come back girl!!!!!!!
for where!?
Well obviously you haven't listened to the new Justin Bieber yet, lol.
agree with that one! Thats why we made the cellhelmet....
#BOYFRIENDReview I think #BOYFRIEND is one of the best songs has ever made :) it shows us that he has matured:) <3
Gunna eat my life away
I just want to celebrate!!! Steelers!!!!!
Florida is home to the largest venomous snake in North America. Can you name it?
Under the dryer playing words with freinds,care to join?
good thing I don't have a garage! I just remembered him explaining his job to the Bobs and it is so what I'm doing this week!!
I wish my office chair had an ejection seat. Then we could use it...
Still in the waiting room waiting on my princess to come from surgery :-(
Just joined wrongplanet.com as a Neurotypical- I'm the outsider this time! Hoping to learn tons from the network!
Crew in PC2 realizng that quoting lines from diff movies in a Forrest Gump voice is hilarious. "What? That ain't no country I ever heard of"
Last day to work with Amanda Ross-Ho, don't miss if you haven't already!
#Gators played a valiant game, but came up a little short. Better than the last ass-whoopings against the Kentucky
I do that too. Have a 46" TV 6 feet away, but it's perpendicular to my line of sight, so I often watch on my iPad when I'm alone.
SO like.. they are gonna give me an all expense paid trip to New York to present!! even though i live in N.Y they`ll pay for my hotel
I haven't listened to their song yet. I'm guessing I better listen to it.
That is SERIOUS CUTENESS.
Unreal. Broncos went from 60:1 odds 2 win the super bowl a few months ago to 7:1 odds today purely based on volume of bets.
I put on different clothes after school and I look better than I usually do, like what the hell happens when I go to school? Lol
I wonder if Doug Mientkiewicz will attend the Fenway ceremony. He played just 36 games there in a Sox uniform but certainly made his mark.
I would rather spend a million hours in the library tonight than work. So much to get through still
I want to go back to school for a ninja degree.
's wife to appear on the cover of this months special edition of "Wife's of random shitty black athletes".
Holy hotness, Batman.
Why this old ass man trying to tell me what a clutch is like to go sit down
I forgot I had a best friend who's a child oh wait #jk #7yearsolderthanme you would never know
Would love to chat more about the points of connection you see. Definitely agree that there's lots of overlap.
I'VE GOT A PHONE INTERVIEW SCHEDULED FOR MY DREAM JOB!!!!
#Beautiful #hair, start with your #mind. Taking care of yourself is the first step to #gorgeous hair. Yes beauty starts from within.
#HowToGetRejected ..if yo Breath Smell like Belly Button Juice! You gotta go Bitch..
nor days in the week!
If anybody wpuld like to take a break from studying I have something I need help with.
Perplexed earlier on how to get to the Warner Parkway from McIntire Park. Went through neighborhood- probably not the way i was to go.
Thanks for the RT.
Bay View badly misses Bella's. :( Any new place with a decent carryout veggie burger would be appreciated.
Def going to see it this wk. <3 RT Speaking of which, my former Mania co workers get on it!
Ga peaches welcome #gacollegereunion at #mansionelan this friday
OMG NEW MOON WAS GREAT I LUVED AND IM GONNA WATCH IT IN THATERS AGAIN!!! EXCITED!!!
that's literally like 2 blocks from my job. I'm gonna have to go peep that
I hope you didn't mind me speaking for you, haha.
thts so good
Need new people to hang with
"Some men see things as they are and ask why. Others dream things that never were and ask why not." - George Bernard Shaw. Good morning
when you coming to Chicago again?
Having one of those L A Z Y days.
Congrats to my friend on his new column in the I'll be looking for the debut in tomorrow's paper!
same # as the Packers this year
When Posting on your Facebook Fanpage don't use closed statements -Ask questions for more engagement.
I expect the favor returned... Lol
you just gotta be aware of other drivers. if you can master that, you will always be fine
I love living on the beach<3
I say Phil and Josh.
Mother Love Bone Thugs 'N' Harmony
Dr pepper 10 is dumb.
at least you're sorry<U+3002>thanks
#HeySouljaBoy when u gone drop another album ?
Lol why am I still awake
okayy! Well we might just come by & surprise you sometime :)
It's totally happening this year. Meanwhile, Devin Ebanks is the best player on your Lakeshow.
omfg yes <3 what day u getting there?
@ the Library: a gentle hint, dear patron, its best not to talk about pirating the library's DVD in front of the librarian.
: About to watch Game 5 of the series! Lets close it up & move on to the Heat!
I love my life! If u Dnt change it!
S/O to for 'trying' to help me with my problem tonight. (:
I thought there was gonna be a cute kitten in it. :( P.S. Google "meatloaf farts."
When them ghetto people turn their base on as high as they can and it vibrates what seems to be the whole city <<<
Meanwhile... I study <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
You have an amazing voice, you are one of my favorites on #AMERICANIDOL! (:
your server is too busy; can't enter "...kitchen w/David". Bo. I wanna win! :)
There is a car show going on today! If I didn't have to move furniture, I would so be checkin' out those babes!
Happy New Year!!!!
it does. I know it.
its going sorry for late reply just buisy i have sick bikes that im putting out so gotta make sure my guys are on it:)
When someone says something and you say, " Yeah, You would know...."
glad you got the hawkeye one...I could not draw a hawk for anything.
Throwback jay-z montage on power 105 on the way to train, feelin good for this interview
Automobile extended warranties are not worth the added cost. Profit margins for these are as high as 75%.
Sipping a '96 Schloss Schönborn Riesling Spätlese (Rüdesheimer Berg Rottland): ultra-ripe peach, Seville orange, raisins, lemon-lime, slate!
Without that little voice in your head you wouldn't be able to read this.
Knows that it's going to take a bit to get out of this funk I've been in.
Italian chicken...Babe did the damn thing tonight! Wish u were don't u???
Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes
Tomorrow=1 word, NBA PLAYOFFS. Ok that's 2 works...really it's 4. 1 word and an acronym? I dk wth I be talking bout sometimes
At lunch! Did ya'll know that half a cup of grapes only has 31 calories?! OMG I LOVE GRAPES!! :D
Someone please explain to me why it's necessary to walk around in 5 inch heels. Forgot we were at a fashion show
Each Facebook user spends on average 15 hours and 33 minutes a month on the site.
LOLOLOL its okay im not part of your little club....
lucky! “: I seem to have found the perfect balance of high hopes and low expectations.”
Solid work this week by the team to get the Parent Child Interactive site out to you all! I am thinking about another week or so!
bet i got ya
Yea he and everybody else killed it ": #10FavouriteChrisBrownSongs Marvins room ."
I still have never felt like a plastic bag drifting through the wind wanting to start again. Stupid analogy is stupid. Goodnight.
Damn this liquor
Fancy a date?
#history #museum #historical … to Trieste in the Adriatic an iron curtain has descended across the Continent. Winston Churchill - 1946
test tweet
Do it! Do it! I have been stuck to my laptop since it started.
So sweet to know that someone cares(:
Confirming information science is librarianship for boys, only 1 female listed as important historical figure in the field on Wikipedia
Thanks to everyone who came out to #SpeakingOfFebruary4th!!
hellz yeah it is.
smooth as nigga <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
hey there!
So true RT People predicted 'global solution' in early 2011 RT : By time vikings hearing over could be 4-stadium bill
That's definitely a bit how I feel about it. But also such a -great- conference. Torn.
#palepeopleproblems the sun reflecting off your skin and blinding people...
23 school days left. I can do it. Maybe.
I LOVE YOUR TWITTER WALLPAPER. And, you were awesome at The Townhouse. New favorite person. That is all.
I am 4 episodes behind on Mad Men, 5 on The Office, and I have to finish 50 Shades of Grey. I hear you, sister.
chris brown in the right by my side music video. oh my god. your sexy af.
alright dang!!!
I earned my gold card today.
congratulations hard work paying off! Oh and happy 1500th tweet
"This is better than an Oscar," said Michael Moore upon receiving Natl #Nurses United's Main Street hero award.
better holla at your people when you get back in EP!
modern family is hilarious
Today was a long day ! ready for the summer ( :
Ugh. It's been a frustrating season so far. Hope they can get things turned around!
Still have 2 vip 2 day passes for sale to Bayou Country Fest! Asking face value $650 for the pair!
hey! are you still here?
GOOD GOOD GOOD SUPER GOOD LUCK
haha you will
Now is where you can ask us any question you want! We WILL answer. Post it on this status. GO!
no doubt
I'm belting up today at MMA!!!!
Enjoying my coffee :-)
<----- my idol aka the vocal master
Why aren't you, following me, your favorite PM at VSA? I am hurt, upset, saddened, itchy, and angry.
All of the sirens I'm hearing lead me to believe that it was a cannon
Happy Birthday Beta!!!!
loool, at me going to the concert in 2013 with these girls at school just so i can breathe their air twice.
If you're talking about the lemon cremes those were my favorite too. I didn't see them on the order form :(
Jealous. Although I did drink a couple margaritas outside tonight.
you may have about an issue and point your mind squarely to the core of the matter. This kind of keen focus will see your way to success
lol sorry :b
Was up til 4am with the team editing "Blessed." Y'all are in for something spectacular
Happy Easter. <3
Everyone is so loud. I have a headache. Shut up you fucks.
there is nothing right now that will make me concentrate on Dracula.
if you take it... Have somebody record you!!!
A homeless man started talking with me, and asked me to psychoanalyze him, after I told him I was a psychology student.
I'm terrible with telling stories and explaining myself.
you are so welcome!
Sign me up for Spring Break!
Why is it when u have the downstairs apartment it always sounds like Dumbo the elephant lives upstairs?
funny jelly?
200 mph is starting to feel normal now.
I finally have one of those relationships that I've dreamed about my whole life<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
I never get tired of listening to 88.3 way fm.
Paul Pierce block!
We should be too big to take offense and too noble to give it. -Abraham Lincoln
Walk @ Headlands today: landscape & the Romantic poets. Improvised song by Blake in a tunnel. Leader sd. was fave part of day, group loved.
Just witnessed a kenny loggins song bring april to tears!
I have to stop catching feelings for the wrong ones
XD your welcome.
Thanks. I appreciate it!
Hahahaha I hate u
I need a ride home and I don't know anybody with a car except for seniors and they're all gone:((((
Aww! Cool! :) I'm a Cadette. Our group is a really small, homeschool only group, but I love it. :)
Neck is throbbing? Ouch.
If i were to sell Customized 1D toms who would buy?! The shoes would be brand new obviously! ;D
Hard to say, definitely thru the next fortnight or so. Do share your illustrations, too.
Thanks Grandma... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Gray's Papaya hot dogs are 2 bux now. So much for the perennial "recession special." I remember being pissed when they raised price to .75
Prediction: i will have over 1,000 followers on Twitter by the end of the week
Follow Me I Promise Ill Follow Back ...
anyone know when next concert will be?x
Kevin hart is the funniest man alive. #ThinkLikeAMan is a must see movie
: AT least I stood with you:)
guessing this is not the time for a new katherine meme...
Hal, quick clarification: I missed adding the 'RT' in that last tweet... is the creator of , not me :)
I really like Girls, the television show.
On my way to queens center mall to pick up my new eyeglasses, and possibly buy me some new workout clothes (y)
our websites are getting built this week! Lego!
Today is the day! The is here! For a sneak peek at some of the stops, check out the Lone Star Urban Bike Race FB page
Holtbe is having a nice game tonight, but Boston is helping him out a lot!
{thumbs up}
You must be speaking about your brain.
I slept a full 8 hours last night
RT : my team name in college fantasy football is Holgoritaville.
Don't let your mouth get you into something your ass can't handle....
Thanks 4 being the best hubby!! So blessed that God brought us together. I couldn't imagine sharing my life with anyone else! Xoxo
Mexico stinks!.
(con't) ...and immensely encouraging to all indie filmmakers -- including ourselves! THANK YOU SO VERY VERY MUCH!! ()
No, no one uses it. Everyone's on Facebook.
Just got on the bus to go home. I have to pee so bad.
Lil Bro Knocked that fat lol
"He couldn't get a job at McDonalds" - my dad on Craig Kimbrel
we're i75 N in ocala too. Just hit a traffic jam. You in it?
RT WE LOVE VEGAS
I love your background. Only because the Poreotix are in it. :)
Is it really bad to eat raw cookie dough? I think that's unrealistic.
The early bird might get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
it's the #LoisLane effect.
Great Co-working space!
After 64 straight workdays, I claim this evening off. Powers of two!
Ok ok ok get it right , im not a bitch , i jus speak my mind if i dont like you , maybe i am a bitch ;)
Breakfast cereal still doesn't have a zip-lock top. Great job humans.
Why won't Newt just go away?
haha....of course. Anytime you have a giraffe on your shirt you & everyone else knows that you're a badass! :p lol
The LESS options- the better
": Now that Prince Fielder is gone, Nyjer Morgan has become my most hated Brewer. #Cubs" ha I just bought a NM jersey. AH!
this is by no means pro wrestling or mma... mma is a mixture of various fighting styleshat requires years of focus and training
your doing a good job(:
Ive realized that im my biggest critic....
wear their uniforms backwards, during warm ups!
So my uncle, my sister, and I were sick this past week.. I lost 2 lbs, my uncle 3 and my sister 4lbs.. We should get sick more often. Lol
Thanks to everyone that came out to the show last night! It was so much fun! Thanks to Brandi for making us an amazing cake!
what is the perfect location?
would you change something about yourself that made you happy...in order to make someone else happy?
I'm in for 2, thanks If I was religious, you'd be my God of Snacks & Entertainment.
Heh, I had them as a late night snack.
MERRY CHRISTMAS YA'LL
BREAKING: Secret Service investigation into allegations of misconduct in Colombia continues & 3 additional employees have chosen to resign
I'm thinking Witch Doctor for Diablo I.
“: I’m not shy, I’m holding back my awesomeness, so I don’t intimidate you.”
In traffic...bumpn jay-z reasonable doubt.....feeln it...
I appreciate everyone that follow... Thanks to everyone that sent me Birthday wishes... God Bless!!!!
Writers block!!!
Finally changed picture XD
Hahaha ok Love you babe, peace out
thanks. my apologies. if it happens again ill just delete myself.
miss u sissy ... I heard u got another little munchkin on the way
love it keep it up
Im so happy #2011 is here! I got a new job last month and i start in a couple days!
Ouch. A hater.
If anyone ever wants to see Snakes on a Plane...don't. Horrible movie.
ROTFL...love the dialogue...i'm in stitches and totally lovin' your style! #deathtocreditcard and #hideunderarock props!!
Adairs Saloon tonight! Music starts at 9. Come party with us!
“: Just watched this week's Greys. Holy shit.” --- I JUST finished it, too! I had to rewind a few times. Ah!! This is crazy!
Follow this MAHOMIE please , make her get to 400 followers , . ;D
Truth! ": If you can afford fast food you can afford a vegan diet. Extra bonus: you'll be with your families 15 years longer."
Donald Driver was underscored once again. What's up with Len anyway?!?!?
its a pleasure for us to have you have that title!
no I'm not
Thanks Jason, sorry. Thanks for the support. you are awesome!!
Amazing how seeing a cute pup walking down the street can brighten ur day! Their meandering ways & wagging tails. Pure happiness. Love dogs!
I did not know that. Yet another notch on his awesomeness belt.
NO AUDIO ON THE WEB? What Gives? I can't listen tonight! Regular programming on Freedom 970 on the web! This Sucks.
And they should have blonde Tina Fey co-host! Whatshername? Oh yeah, Amy Poehler.
What advances in AR are you looking forward to most?
does anyone really care? #ke$ha = hotmess
"We know a lot of you are working 80, 90, 100 hours a week" #Yale #SOM MBA Admissions podcast
MY DADDY CAN GET A LIMO TOO HEHEHE AND YES IM MARRYING NO MATTER WHAT ANYONE SAYS!
oops my bad haaha
": #SexThatMake , you grab on to the covers underneath you :D" that's how a man knows he's doing his job lol
went to Falling in Reverse venue it was GREATTTTTTNESSSS
YES. Tear down this system and build a better one from scratch!
dear tummy; I'm sorry for all the butterflies, it's HIS fault...
THAT was insane.
When u cant get out of a class were u dont no anyone & theres 22574027 group projects
Got neg. ppl in ur circle of friends? Make the circle a little tighter.
brad mills is angry. :o
#RandomTweeting is my middle name
Tereck was honest & upfront about his salary and asked person to do more research on other points
If you're serious about it, send us an email: We should do it after the next album drops.
im down!
Three words. Where. Amazing. Happens.
Happy Friday friends!
Repetitive use injury: Dysfunction is there long before pain sets in, then as the dysfunction is corrected the pain diminishes.
I just screamed!
the website still isnt working. Some get on but only get as far to pick the city they want then it crashes
yes what u up to
Thanks! We crave it all the time :) RT : The breakfast at Taylor Gourmet is so good!
a.k.a last night at the bar
There are brands we love to love. To the brand influencers listening: Check out recommended by
On my way to south Carolina! #soexcited ! :D
I wish people would realize that there are a lot more important things and battles going on in the world than the petty shit we complain
lol jk, back to bville because the pub only had breakfast sandwiches from 10-10:30? whatever, guess you don't get my money then!
Pretty transparent bluff as any defendable Diamond draw is pair+fd, combo, or nfd which is able to get in on flop with spr.
: How about... Informal Learning - A Step by Step Guide
Looking for segments for our weekly Twin Cities Live pitch meeting tomorrow....any ideas? Think food, fashion and fun!
Have you read the book?
I Follow What You Sayin #Baby You Ain't Gotta #Twitter Ish
If Obama wants to assist the ability to repay student loans, he needs 100% Sec 504 & ADA enforcement against licensing entities
... Yep ... Happy Birthday Little Lady!
Lean Cuisine leaves me cold, empty, alone.
Nice! Solid run!
It feels so good to turn in my JMS480 PRproposal to ! Perfect or not, my 1st proposal is a huge accomplishment! ThxTeam 4thework!
Reds suck and Arroyo needs to go!!
they're heaven. There are ones that are vinyl, but these are leather. $52 at Macy's.
It's amazing what you could hide just by putting on a smile.
That sucks!! :( it must be because we aren't sleeping in the same room anymore!
that works! I'll see ya then.
Sex is a part of nature...I just go along with it
Let me do my thang to u
And they're *still* showing Titanic 3D at my theater of choice. Three times a day! Sweet Jay-zus.
Thanks for the RT! We are so excited about the show!
RT You cant fool a #Taurus but they will let you think you have, for the moment.--true shit!!!!!
no u don't
I'm soo 2 tell u but i am actually Sammi's biggest fan!
Thanks Mike!!
FYI stay away from your haters. I have drama free page tweet me all day much love on here. Love my tweets.
Tomorrow is Day 1 of our 7 straight Days at the WM Phoenix Open. Looking forward to seeing our SW Section PGA guys out there!
The Home Improvement Center is now on Twitter!!
merry Easter.
Gotta pick it up!!!
Just finished a cognitive walkthrough of a mobile weather app & immediately wondered if it was going to rain tomorrow.
We are working on it!!
subject could = real world. ex. food issues 1. food diary 2. research sparked by diary 3. then trace food through archaeology
NO NO NO NO NO FIRE
I ordered your dress and Thank you
You are just jealous that they are famous and you aren't... I care about them and so do a lot of people! >:(
So tired. Good night!
last night felt like we should've been watching #trueblood. But where's ?
Mass. is so cold move your logistics south where it's warm. #jobs Love adidas Adi Says my Kicks get Chicks & it's true \8^)
HUSTLERS LOVE ATL <3 Thank you for making great music and being awesome people!
Yes! You answered my question before I could ask it.
sometimes i do it when im wicked high.
Rap alias Phillip Graves
and if you need ANYTHING let me know I'm ALWAYS here bestfriend. No matter time or day :) PROMISE!
Ill b ready at 2, sounds good, 3 hours later still waiting. Hate Hate Hate Hate Hate
text me when you send those joints over
Anyone taking part in Bank Transfer Day? We want to talk to you.
It's not.
Thank you #AngelaCorey god bless u!! #TravyonMartin- he has been arrested! may ur soul hav comfort and RIP
I heard the Bogut interview on Mike Hellers show, and Luke on Tony Bruno. Good Job PR, getting the Bucks out there finally;)
A poor cardinal has built its nest above my window. Every day he flies into it trying to get in... I don't think he'll woo anybody this yr.
Im mad , Fortune would be coming out in a few days ! Now we have to wait ..
I agree. #directmarketing #directmail is cool again. I don't remember when it was cool, but it's cool now!
Looks like my flight is on time, yippee!
One of my all time favorites
watching baseball
why are ppl saying that Ne-Yo is Gay? Is he?
Obama? RT : And yall know this nigga very well
"it just got people talking about pork in a different way." -- webinar I'm listening to
you're gorgeous! sending lots of love from Seattle, WA! night! x
Glad there are so many people in Edmonds who care about their heart health.
Join THE PHILLY FAN'S CODE author Mike Tanier for a book signing & trivia @ The Field House, 1150 Filbert Street in Phila, 12/1 @ 7:30pm
- big fan! Thank you :)
I love big! It's amazing and smells fantastic!
SOME PEOPLE BE ACTIN TO SENSITIVE
Shout out to blasy by snoop dog. Its on point!!
No eye has seen, no ear has heard, the depths of your love Lord.
#maythe4thbewithyou sorry I am a day late !!!!!!!!!
...wise words, catch the show!
N/P I'm Still A Hitta
Just yesterday around this time, we were still in dallas waiting for our flight -_- haha
sounds good...where can I check out some of your work?
let me know what you think when you're finished. I read it fir a book club and so far everyone is a big fan.
thank you kind sir! Throw some green chile on that white widow next time!
RT: Majority of Pinterest users are from the Midwest?! Interesting... Pinterest's Business Model Is All About Exclusivity
I need some breakfast in my life
Poor Paul.
screw it. im cracking one of these bottles open and saying EFF YOU, TODAY!
I'm cheering for Alabama
it's fucking cool as ice haha and fun
"...I just got burgers"
Your House looking tired and worn down?Call Mr.D's we'll have it looking good in no time.Interior/Exterior we do it all www.mrdspainting.com
Scratch that, Legally Blonde AND nail polish as a whole is therapeutic ;) haha
shout out
Great job Gladys!
First adventure to Sonny's with and #Twitterless Amber!
on the nights I have to work, I don't do any
#raw10 i met a Motivation speaker who spoke to Midgets. He told them They can still grow, just dont give up.
I agree, except the role of museum is to protect culture, not burn it !
i am loving the fact this is my first tweet thought i would dip my feet in the waters
Congratulations to for being named one of the best children's hospitals in the nation!
I wanna go to Italy and Dubai and Greece next week!! Seriously, no more DC!!!
Cool little read. America's 10 Biggest Beer States fb.me/L48aoN1u
watch it alone. Friends are for fools
Timeout on the floor. The #Aztecs are trailing the Rams 10-13 with 11:20 left in the half.
2day was a really good day (: i am exhausted. basketball evaluations 2morrow! yay! :D Goodnight!
How are you not intrigued by the acts of anonymous?
im on it
wouldn't this require a number of different logins though?
• Seriously guys, sorry to be a pain. Just making out my sticker budget for the month. Multiple entries allowed or no?
I swear my dad is the reason 711 stays in business...
girl, perfick timing. i just wrote you a manifesto last nite on facebook. check that shit!!!!
Thanks for the RT Howell Library!
AP News Alert: American Airlines and parent company AMR file for Chapter 11 reorganization.
yay the brownies are finished
Mahomies!! Help me convince my mom to let me go to the concert!! #MomLetEmilyGoSeeAustin!!! <3 please tweet me it!! Help Out!!
One of the best feelings in the world is finally peeing when you've been holding it for hours.
We had a great real estate seminar tonight with ! I loved all the questions from the attendees!
Got some rain today...Back to work on Monday, we hope!
very true!
nawww... Coples then Kendricks the kid from Cal. But I'd be fine w your scenario.
{I stare into the calm waters of the lake, seeing haunted, eerie eyes looking back at me, I smile; she smiles. I blink; she blinks}
Although... Jessica and Joshua as the two finalists would be quite a finale!!! Or Jessica and Hollie.
Congrats to #TeamKhleo member for finally meeting <3
Toes are cold. Thighs are warm. Bottom Lip is chapped.
whip it baby, whip it right.. whip it baby, work it all night
OH MY GOD, this could be the best day of both our lives
How do you "LIKE" something on this thing? I "like" your Dracula's Lament quote.
In front of Stedman Graham recieving knowledge & love
Idc Wat no one say my mind can cheer u up if u follow me lol
that's true wait until you see my pictures I draw
Sufjan was performing at the Chicago Theater last weekend. I am SO sad it was sold out!
yeah :( idk y I didn't play. :/ maybe you can be shipped over here for a game :D
i hate it when they lip sync! its like a waste of money! i'd much rather see them singing for real and feel their emotion.
Finally! You look exquisite!
Why the hell am I watching Cheech and Chong's Next Movie? I can't muster up the strength to change the channel...
Thanks for the write up!
Totally not listening to Jonas Brothers right now.
No problem, if you really want I can always get it for you even if it is a discontinued one ;)
Thank you LORD for the blessings in my life. Never knew I really wanted this until you gave it to me!!
you too... Enjoy the night.. (hey CC)
Yea I'm single , naw me & him don't go together .its real this time we in 2 different places in our lifes #Lookin for sumthin new :)
That's it. #DnB is back as my all time fav. #Dubstep is #3. Tks to #Pendulum & Masochist 4 reminding me where I came from
Do you offer pre-diabetes classes?
Really don't want to do this VOSOT for MidDay tomorrow. Would much rather be driving home in early morning than early afternoon.
dosent matter whoever :)
Walking wit mah dolls den shopling for a special someone
As far as I know, Univ of Minnesota doesn't have one, and even if they did, I'd still engage through social media my way.
canon is WAY better than nikon
if you follow I would be so amazingly happy! Your a great singer! Write songs? I'll help(: follow mr pls(:
Good article on 1/2 marathons. Keep running and check my blog out too when u get a chance.
Who wants to golf w #Tiger @ #Masters? find out here www.ussportspages.com
Thanks for the retweet!
I love how when I teach & minister to others how God in turns ministers to me!
What games do you play? RT : Hello Twitter. Im very close to popping in the video games and getting a bowl of ice cream
I'd love to see that. He's earned it.
Can't wait to watch novelas with my mom tonight
I wouldn't have been able to finish my #memoir w/t the <3 of & Thx guys!
that's true but I wanna at least wait until they show the new features to see if the 5 will be worth the wait
Hey Bianca! If you rebloged this , I swear I'd cry. Stay Beautiful! :) x
Yeah well you used pluralized tattoos the wrong way.
yes I switched!! so yay!! party with Larry!
pick-up soccer in Mission. KS on Saturday (New Years Eve) morning. Need a workout?
Yes, yes I do! (lol)
Using a booktruck as a movable workstation for a processing project is possibly the best idea I've ever had.
Random thought on covering NATO protests: First Amendment rights, absolutely. Getting sprayed w/ bodily fluids or solids - ugh! Hope not.
Silence is a true friend who never betrays. ~ Confucius
excited for tmr. excited for tmr. goodnight internet <3
We <3 #tacos! Tell us about your
thanks a lot -_-
And pleather? RT There's definitely a foreign fish in it. RT TWIN PALMS (7/12) trailer
Hawk sighting on the way to Madison. We must be in for a good one!
I'm about to have another niece, but another nephew would have been nice too. Either way, I'm happy though.
heading home after a long day? stop by for dinner.
3,981 People Achieved Millionaire Status Yesterday. It’s Your Turn Today..
Operator:“911 please hold.” Me: “Stop murdering me for a sec, we're on hold.” Murderer: “K.”
You have to try our Newest Pizza Creations - like our Sweet Sunshine Pizza! Check out our menu for details!
I don't think gratuitous necessarily(!) = shown in the first place. Quantity matters less than power dynamics.
My manager said "can't you get a relaxer"
-crosses fingers for you-
How you a laker fan but never been to LA? Chill out..
Bruno Mars is performing...no comment
= killer ... The Young Electric , check these guys out!!!!
Call me & tell me good morning & goodnight
Oh no. The Buckeyes are playing AT Illinois?? It's going to be a long afternoon...
The Cult Release For The Animals Video Recap
After all the things we've been through..
we think you'll dig it.
Hey, guys behind me in study hall, could you talk a little louder? I would LOVE to hear about your plans to go buy an iPod tonight. Oh wait.
There are many benefits to becoming a Partner of the Tarpon Springs Chamber of Commerce!
Miss my damn stop!!
I'm sorry to hear that but you have the right attitude. Do your thing girl, you're pretty awesome
"If i find out you are honking your horn at ME i will go all road rage on yo ass!"
well! how are you?
I survived work. Thankfully the phone lines were kind to me today.
Anyone interested in joining a fantasy football league?
WTF were u guys doing
My life be like ooh- ah
while I was sorting comics I was reminded how badass your run on Green Lantern was! Thank you!
- DIW's Kwanzaa Preview w/ JC Hayward - now - check it out
Sadly bailing on the Old 97s. Unless miracle 4-wheeling stranger near St Paul pings me ASAP.
Makin my way downtown. Walkin fast sum sum sum. Nanananananana
We couldn't make it without your support. Please visit our website for ways you can help our kids and our organization continue to succeed!
Home sweet home
RT : PwC 2012 Inf Sec Breaches Survey ISBS finds 38% of large co's don't encrypt their cloud data, 50% of SMEs don't vet...
Librarian carrying an extravagantly patterned hobo bag
Dang. Derrick Rose I feel your pain. Take it from Why do all the great point guards tear their ACL's this year?
Today is a great day to make some serious money!
love it
white outfit is by Great gal:).
Starting today & going all week- is donating 10% of sales to keep your classes tax free. Get or add on to your membership today!
Nobody compares to you.
Tonight 5-8pm Don't miss out on our Happy 7th Anniversary Happy Hour, get 20% off the entire store plus champagne.
haha, i just met this kid that looked like justin bieber. ;D & dresses like him too. but when i asked him his name, he told me to fuck off.
#GoReds Looking to win the opening series of the year v the Marlins
Loney's pick right there on Hart..
Have you ever noticed that when people describe their pets, they are actually talking about themselves? Pay attention and learn a lot!
Happy birthday to my amazing sister ! (: I love you!
*sigh* u dont know how good u got it.
Tiger suffers leg injury (knee?) and pulls out of Cadillac Championship -- hoping it's not serious and he can be back in time for Masters
I have only played the first. You mean to tell me the other two are worse?
Really excited about all these rockumentaries making their way to netflix.
A whole summer without camping and I just got a craving for a s'more. Maybe I can make them on my balcony?
omgg I love this "special thing" you sent me today <3 Shaun its amazing im so proud of you
Prom plans have been so perfect until today.
i gotta pet thaa kitty ' before i get ready for work! she just keeps purring! <U+30C4>
Employees care more about how fairness was reached than if an actual fair outcome was achieved - fairness process.
Anyone in #Seattle news media know what the picket line at a Westlake construction site is all about? Signs read "Meter."
remember the legshakingcellulitehavingshortdresswearing fat chick? shes just informed me she is a burlesque dancer.
What diets have you tried that have really worked?
is it that obvious? Not drunk ...tipsy..:)
I heard a larger jet, and saw one F15. I couldn't tell if I heard a second fighter jet or if I was hearing an echo.
I hear Jon Vilma is looking for some temporary work...
I don't get it! LOL. Must just be me. But then I usually have to hold myself down to keep from flailing too much.
We get it. There are a lot o' old people at the
Turn the heat on! And sleep! #GreatIdeas haha
You're a nasty bitch trying to get at someone else's ex or boyfriend
thanks but at a gig!
I love you, follow me please
I had my first fried pickle tonight. Thanks Great addition to the menu!!
Mr. Yormark, I need to DM you about something important. Please follow/DM w/email. -- Ted Curtis, Lynn U sports mgmt prof
She has her Nick Jr and I have my ID.
I don't know, I will look it up and let you know. Thanks for the question. I hope it does.:)
Miley Is That Really You On Skype MileyrCyrus****
All MSs are interesting! :-) Every last one.
what are your thoughts on alternative energy? hit me up
Man Mindless Behavior got me goin crazy like forreal I need Mindles help !! Lol
RT : RT "Small local businesses benefit too when companies grow globally" CEO Chris Policinski tells crowd
same here! Love your twitter name;)
Sorry for the high octane discussion with your boyfriend last night
Hate the Heat!
At least I have a pre-release copy of 's "A Love Better Than Life". Get your copy on Oct 16th.
I've seen a two year old as adept at pencil-work as many teachers are today...scary
Beginning in Feb, I'm offering #Acupuncture in Park Slope in addition to Manhattan. Acu can help with #anxiety and #emotional disorders.
you got science all over your apples!
It is!! Flo Rida "Good Feeling"!
The thought of a bright actress embracing her passion, such as yourself, makes me smile.
I bet you're happy that this weekend is almost over!
that is a bummer. we need to go laptop shopping. costco, mac authority?
i guess
says community needs = education broken, gov't polarizing, mounting debt, no jobs. Rise to meet & improve community.
I'm gonna be a superstar :D <U+2665> Who's gonna hepl me ?? Xoxo ;**
Had a dream about lastnight, he made me clean up lol. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
Excellent lunch with Great conversation and terrific 2 meet interesting people through Twitter.
Artists inspired by nature paint in the open air - The State Journal-Register
Romeo and Juliet was amazing! I missed the 'between scene' commentary, though.
Haha RT : shoulda punched that news guy in the eye.... Haha he was being a bully himself
Thanks for following us. Will keep on touch we have a new album coming out soon. Be Blessed
I believe we are going to win.
Studying for a lamberty test is pointless.
ridiculous call. Melo has limited spatial awareness of his gigantic body.
You know it's love when it hurts soo badly to see them with another.
This hurts. Like I'm not even mad. Disappointed. Haven't felt this bad since we lost to MTL in '10.
That feeling when you see a sneak peek from a shoot #magic I'm so thankful for my life!
Back to class and Happy Chinese New Year!
at least I got up. U wont
Having Two Daughters Is god’s Way Of Telling You… “This Is For What You Did In Your Twenties…” I Love Them Both…
“If at first you don't succeed then skydiving definitely isn't for you.” <U+2015> Steven Wright
I kept out of my datasets and charts on a matter of principle.
Every penny counts even if it costs more than .01 to make it still spends the same...
I don't know if you remember me, I'm from and I met you at last yrs Pax Prime. I just wanted u to know I'm cancer free now. :-)
Tornado sirens went off yesterday during a conference call with our project team in Huntsville, Alabama. Scary!
What's the over-under Beyonce and Jay-z's kid will have a platinum album before he hits puberty?
RT Come to The Queen Vic at 1206 H NE for your birthday celebration drinks on us
hey what happen to your fb page?
#AllAccess For me, in my lifetime, Barry Bonds off of Lee Smith which drove the Pirates to the '91 Division Crown.
Helpful Hint: When it snows, shovel away from your furnace and water heater's direct vent exhaust locations to prevent blockages.
Nyquil shooter bfor beddy, makes me fuzzy, tmmrw morn will b here too soon!
Just impressed myself today, 3 miles!! Wooohooo
for bloggers reaching more people = more feedback or ad revenue. for people running networking groups- get more ppl involved?
I know I'm late but happy birthday Cjaye!! :) love ya hope it was an awesome birthday!
Crunch of the day: Skinny Pop popcorn only 39 calories per cup!! Zero transfat, cholesterol free. Indulge guilt free!!
Hi Miss, did you find your new home yet?
i just woke up and ashton kutchers twitter was up on my computer. am i sleep gay? am i being punked?
Phil Katz recognizes the "epistemologies of the creators" ... rewiring our own brains, our students, and technologies?
I can't believe Will just died. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
We love the Brick Oven Zesty Supreme.
spare laptop not plugged in during patch tues update, battery died during update, system hanging as a result, using win restore for 1st time
On UTD annual review, on list scholarly & creative activity, are they only for the past year? /cc
"Yo dawg, you want some vintage books, dawg? They like really rare, man." - Vintage Book Dealer. Only in NYC.
#theworst -Editing, I read that "Aly" notices her chipped nail polish. What do I do next? Remove my chipped polish.
Candied Bacon: Like Dog Treats For Humans!
I hope you are cheering on the #RANGERS!!!!!!
Thanks for holding it down and being so helpful with tonight!
I won't be mad if you choose me...
Beautiful morning in #Indy!
Ah, I see. I knew they would come up under the search box at the top with or without them, but I knew nothing about trends.
Never eat more than you can lift. - Miss Piggy
ohh! hah(: i live in PA! :( Im trying to get him to cm. To Washington DC, cuz i live 2 hrs away!
First Thursday at Blitz in the pearl is going to be awesome. great art, Exit skate demo, good food & lots of beer. Come check out our booth!
Thanks for the follow. I'm fascinated by place. How does AK show up in your writing? Seems to be an inspiring place.
So did we! RT : Disney concert was fantastic yesterday! My family had a blast!
Good tips. RT Office Halloween costume parties can build morale & teamwork. Or they can kill your career. Here are some tips:..
Legalize Gay
I think i like skrillex...
Get your tickets now at any Harry Buffalo or www.cagestars.com. We are anticipating a sell out crowd so don't be left out!
Ik. Jb is awsome but i would be heated if he brought me proactive.!
your song O or o or however you spell it is so amazing! An entire song using almost no lyrics.
Are Peyton Manning and Marvin Harrison gonna be doing commercials together 15 yrs from now, the way Steve Young and Jerry Rice are now?
Let the measure of time be spiritual, not mechanical
Hello Friday. Glad you finally got here.
that's very thoughtful of you.
Me neither. Don't remember him at all.
On my way to an NYC midtown Studio for a Voiceover recording session.
You can tell its killing fox news to have to call 2nd place for Ron Paul!
THANK GOD 4 GIVING ME LIFE
Vanilla yogurt with a teaspoon of peanut butter mixed into the cup is a very healthy snack to pick you up late afternoon!
Relaxed now. Asleep later?
Power Hour at BarNone tonight! $1 Rails and $1 Domestic Taps from 9:30 to 10:30. The ladies get an extra hour! 1139 N Water
Hello gang. Been a while!
STill trying to find right twitter client Ugh.
I've been paying 2 much attention 2 my cricket blog and tech stuff--I'll take a look!
Beautiful :) RT : Pause for Prayer: When I turn to you in prayer, God, you untie my burdens and heal my spirit. Glory be to you!
well, kid, you should listen to your copy editor!!! (not me)
While everyone else rests on this Sabbath day, I'll be in a tech. rehearsal! TheySleep. WeGETWORK.
RT - WES WELKER of The New England Patriots is coming up at 7 with The Hill-Man Huddle!
yes see i like that.... unfortunately i think this milwaukee rail car is just downtown thing!
Sunday Funday. Upcoming: DUBLIFE Wednesday, Party Rock'n Thursday Night w/ Dj Rye, GG Cherry Noir launch party Friday, Still Saturdays
I nominate for a Shorty Award in #fakeaccount because...they don't have people like working for them.
Lunch discussion today: To what extend can creativity be taught? What are your thoughts?
Remind your clients that local elections in CA are tomorrow. Post the bilingual hotline for assistance: 1-888-vey-y-vota
e-mail rarely has context when read by 3rd party. Lesson far to many fail to learn, until this happens. Stupid joke...
Happy Monday! Thanks to a hug from my husband and smiles from my little girl, it is going to to be a great day. Wishing you the same!
no lives in nyc...might have been his alter ego
Thanks for the support Aidan ... and keep up your good work!
"If you didnt fuk with me then what make you think imma fuk with you now"
Anyone have access to medical facility for the purposes of make-em-laughs? WILL PAY MONEY
we were dying today and when you got the pen on my shirt...
RIP Whitney Houston! Definitely a Music Icon...So sad :/
'imagination feeds on images': TRANSFORMATIONS '68 film made by Ralph Sargent for IBM. 1 more reason to love Ralph.
Who'd rather be watching Johnny Rocker & The High Rollers than Madonna right now?
omg I know I always get quiet >_<
no aris name should not be in her mouth and talking about all this in her school it's not the place
RT : BREAKING: NFL will allow players to in-game tweet during Sunday's Pro Bowl. There will be 1 designated area per sideline.
yeah them girls are a handful & I think this is it for me on the kids...lol
better be
: my most frequent deletions are when i post…& *then* notice accidental, glaring misspelling or type-o.
I love , even though she never replyed to my email... <3!
To see immediate evidence of how Romney and the #GOP's ideas will work on the US economy look at what austerity is doing to Europe.
Raven! Please come to the premiere of Una Noche which is in competition at Tribeca! The film was shot entirely in Cuba!
Rep Abrams: "We (GA) have disconnected what edu is from what it delivers."
OH, otherwise i hope ur enjoying the conference!
I like to think you're correct but we get a lot of heat for self promotion.
Need to find missing persons posters!
Wow. Thanks, Jaclyn, for your kind words. Pittsburgh IS some kind of great place.
BLOCK PARTY THIS SUNDAY... who are you bringing??
ohh that is so cool do u go to the same school as him?
haha I'm laying in bed too watching cartoons :P goodnight boo
70% of morning exercisers stick with their workout routine long term. What type of class would motivate you to come in the morning?
M-Geough is joining & over 1000 cities in 40 countries around the globe to celebrate World Car-Free now through September 24 2011.
Interdisciplinary research methods. Does such a course exist?
are you Ok
Haha. I'm not a morning person, either...I'll try to go back to sleep after she leaves. :)
As I walked into NASM this morning a bagpiper in the garden area across Indep. Ave. was playing the theme from Star Wars. Great!
On my way to the SF RAW Showcase .... poor is gonna be there before me..... sorry girl.. I need carpool.... lol
FINS IN TOTAL CONTROL!!! JU up 20-4 with 8 min remaining!!!
1st Blue Ribbon Friday 2nite Catch a show, a brew & hang w/the cast, all courtesy of
you're welcome!
Good bill Jason.
I've been well. Wrapping up work on the project soon -- last day is this Friday. Looking for jobs here in Chitown
Hatch is hiring! Give us a call at (414) 272-4544 to see if we have the position you've been looking for!
Let the rain fall down & come in clean
going to shoot a portrait of LA Clippers' Ryan Gomes with Bob
#np "Play the Guitar" - B.O.B. feat. Andre 3000
on So filthy. He's playing songs from Mali on a cello banjo. Who does that?
That awkward Moment when you are talking about the teacher with ur friend in class and suddenlly the teacher asks "What are u talking about"
THE COLUMNIST, with John Lithgow and Boyd Gaines, opens on Broadway tonight from
That's up to you really. On all counts :)
Ellie had never seen it;s a Wonderful Life. I was glad to hear that I was not the only one.
ah everyones asleep.. I think im the only one awake.#yee ... Wat you doin?
Also friends tweet at us and say whats up Yo ya dig...
No problem good brother. Enjoy your day! 06!
Just needed to show ID to buy Robitussin. Apparently 'teen cough medicine abuse' is a thing now.
you are welcome
But I only have eyes for one boy and he dgaf about me.
Today's Google Doodle celebrates the birthday of Richard Scarry - one of my favorite childhood authors.
lol leave alone!
oh boy.Can u imagine? Twitter folk don't play! There may be a walker-like protest.
thank you I will try and train hard
When will be back in LA?
how do politicians/government officials lie/hide truths as much as they do and still sleep at night? Maybe I should buy some ambien stock
PayPal is probably your best bet. to accept CC's you need SSL etc, you'd need a full store. otherwise its insecure
Dear Kony, Cuts are red, bruises are blue, we caught and killed Osama and we are gonna get you! Sincerely, all the haters of you
web design is tedious...
Scarcity is a lie that we have all been led to believe.
Playing MW3 when I should be sleeping or doing homework... The new CoD is addicting.
Yes, and I know exactly how you feel!
ha ha why is that I have my account and a Jordan Jansen support accout that is all I need lol
can't wait to have a little girl so she can be in some juicy onesies!!
SAP HANA Versus Oracle: Scenes From the Database Wars - Midsize Insider
Hi, I was wondering how you feel about YA zombie books?
Ah.... "Hack your #ass off!" This just keeps getting #better !!!
Considering splurging on a newer, lighter more trail-appropriate bike. But this one will do for now. :)
Things are coming into focus m
This Saturday Avalon Park!!!!! The Florida Flight Basket Ball Team will be there. Come out for fun, games, and good music!!!! Lets Go!!!!!
Shes my best friend. Of course im going to tell her everything you just said. :)
Peace, love and happy memories!
As much hype as the Dbacks got all offseason, I'd say they are an even bigger disappointment than the Brewers at the moment
RT : Wow! A World Tour, successful business career, & now Internet newspaper! Amy DeRosa Enterprises coming soon! :)
I'm in Dallas! Got your msg and sent you an email. Looking forward to connecting our sts!
Did your retired uncle come over & clean out your gutters? That's one of the
good morning angels <3
ewan mcgregor is brilliant in i love you phillip morris!
Can't wait!! You are definatley my idol no doubt about it!!! Love you Demi my lifes been changed all because of you((:
My friend Hal said, "Put something back in the pot."
Your the type of person to do something amazing. And still be quiet later on.
just google Schaefer Riley. She wrote a fairly offensive blog post on the Chronicle website.
Hey!! #jasminator mind following me back!? <U+E056><U+E328>
"my grandma holds her liquor better than him"
GOOD MORNING FAMILY (John 14:11) The "SEASON OF MIRACLES" kicks off today. All things are possible to them that believe amen. #Sir Court
Thank YOU, ! You left the crowd wanting more! Not too bad for our first time and thrilled to have you as a BIG part of it!
That a walk of Shame if I've ever heard of one lol
On my way tonight to take part in Fashion Meets Wall Street party in New York. Should be interesting.
we plan one quarter at a time...
Leading lady Jane Wyman is the only woman to have been an ex-wife of a US president: she was married to Ronald Reagan from 1940 to 1948.
I love the
LET'S GO RANGERS! you got this boys<3
That's advice I can take for the day! :) RT Give someone new a hug today!
i dm you
Why don't you just makeout ?
your cousin told me not to(:
I'm lucky having you everyday...thank God for give me the best mom of the world..without ur unconditional love I wouldn't be here
you were def with me!
did you fail math?
You certainly mean "Boy, oh, boy"
Must go to the gym and then maybe for a run, just to get the stress of yesterday away. Then I can attack this day. 1st stop...Disney studios
IMO, not "Knowing" is the point of Faith. I don't "Know" there is a god, but I have Faith and Believe there is! :)
Hope everyone is having a great afternoon!!!
My flight is delayed aka more time in Detroit. Wah.
We also use clorox wipes once a week to disinfect and clean the phone. If it was stained, we would be happy to replace it.
Sidenote: the 8-bit episode of Community from last night is wonderful.
On the other hand, 24% of all NFL stuff sold bears the Dallas Cowboys logo!
Man, I really wish we had Vanski tonight.
Dont wanna go to brighton ugh
Shave/shower time. Alright, Friday. Let's do this thing.
Think I might have a cavity :(
I SO LOVE UR MERCHANDISE. SUPER COOL!
Hurts the novelty of having an annual event.
Save me a taco!
Keep it up, Tom! Good work!
Another packed DH session - "Digital Pedagogy" #s349 #MLA2012 - fantastic projects on display!
Finna SMASH this spaghetti I'm hungry af
don't forget to come out to the blue note Saturday night to see us rock......
Is it customary to want to cry on your children's birthdays hahahs I don't want him to grow up!
true, the conditioning is sad. And to have #ThinkLikeAMan headed toward $60mil in 2 weeks use it NEEDLESSLY 3x is just bad news.
I think you forgot the 9 in lol
I'm in Mission Valley cleaning up the river with Pulling shopping carts out of the river & filling them w/ trash & debris
Atlanta Film Festival tonight for V/H/S. Out of Hand's Joe Sykes stars in the Dave Bruckner part of the sundance favorite. Sweet!
spotted: #flyingdog t-shirt @
Had a good day with <3 he always makes me smile no matter what!!<3((:
thanks girl ! :D <33
Thanks ! RT Happy Int'l Women's Day! Shoutout to some ladies rocking in the biz world!
dont make cool music,MAKE INCREDIBLE ISH! im goin crazy behind thismuzikproduction n mixin ish,i'll b n a strait jacket when we reach da top
thank you, you are so right. Holder and Obama had the take-over of this country planned for a long time I think.
Today is not my favorite.
did you get the proposally thing & I did?
congrats on the Masters. More importantly congrats on your son.
Alex Smith should get paid... in Miami.
bitch I got 300 on the series
I done had my share with it.
“: Thanks, sorry for the delayed response. Who's your favorite player on the Ravens?” hey it's
and if you get too elitist we'll bop you one;)
Aw Panks, thanks but absolutely not relevant for us. Good luck!
dear Bedstuy Brooklyn- TURN THE MUSIC DOWN!!!!
its silly, I liked it :)
51 days till I go to Disney World! Wtf that's all far :(
& I = Moulin Rouge next Tuesday.
DON'T WE ALL, lol
they shouldn't have made ryan have brown contacts in the notebook his eyes look beady
Did you run the #minimarathon today? Go to to download your pic as u crossed the Yard of Bricks!
Please support our cause and clinic by coming out to our event May 4th! We are going to be having tons of fun!
<sigh> Too much good stuff. Would you all quit already?
relaxing in this nice weather how u doing
I think you've got the right idea. But hey now that you're going to be in mke more, we'll actually have to hang out :)
was the order random? For the ten followers or was it in order?
Pet peeve: people doing lat pulldowns behind their neck
if someone wishes me happy mothers day at brunch later I will show them a pic of my cat
Once the problem is acknowledged, there is a flourishing niche of Addiction Medicine. Can be very helpful.
I come frm a single parent household lol RT : What is wrong with Rian foreal
haha. Well I need to verify that ;)
Thought it was interesting!
U know u had a good workout yesterday when everythin u worked out is sore
Me to : "Do cats need stars?"
And farther and farther and farther away.
I Would've Made You Leave Too.
i think math is going to be the reason i drop out and become a stripper.
Wasnt talking about her, it was someone else!.Then this aquantance came to the table and said, is he talking bout the girl with the hair?>>
okay dokey!! Hey ima go to sleep bc if not well write another crayon song
Haha...You cant see whos online on here!!! dummy. haha :)
and why would that matter??
How bizarre that his 1st thought is to tweet this drama. If real, I do feel for his kids. Kids always get caught in middle.Sad.
NWST: Husky Spring Game post-mortem / on #Seahawks , #NFL Draft Grades / vs #Rays 930 / 11pm KONG
haha. Maybe next time I'll break out with the Mr T look lol
Looking forward to my first cup o' coffee and prioritizing my day's activities. Whoa, there's a lot to do! LIfe is full.
now following u..follow back bighead lolj/p
I say i hate u but in reality i cant stand being away from u more than two minutes but u be a bit#h sometimes
The tension when some1 had beef with some1 in the lunch... than spill out came, shit got wild >>>
Love can only be done right, when we keep Jesus always in Sight.
oh shut up! Lol
Art enables us to find ourselves and lose ourselves at the same time. -Thomas Merton
The best hope is that the Gulf of Mexico oil spill will be the “Sputnik” for U.S. leadership in alternative and renewable energies.
i guess no austream again today.
You'll be back. You know it.
bro. I didn't meet them wah.
You better be listening to right now! :)
When will you follow me? ;)
Cool. I'm in W Philly, but it's easy to come east/south. It looks like there are some AWESOME events. Beer+food or just beer?
At the yof board meeting. Just inducted Sudy kudva & Tyler Ronald. Glad to have you guys!!
But wait......I didnt put that hickie on your neck.
thanks for the info!
WHICH IS X
that makes sense, but didn't know if they had a clause in there when accepting the money to override that.
You know who I hate? ijever. well I dont even hate him, just when he talks shit about Austin.
Waiting for: The problem with being a tall infielder is that the ball has more space to find between your legs.
if u have a early work out, eat a lot of protien. I'm also taking 'animal pak' supplements after my breakfast
Look at The Sheriff turning two like a shortstop!
I gotta admit, I'm enjoying all the Billy Joel they're playing at Starbucks today.
Oh that's just rude! Sick day? Lol JK. Toni Morrison isn't paying your bills.
what about thomas mustac? ;D
Hey Colonials!!!!!! Just a reminder there is NO practice today....we will see you on Thursday!!! Enjoy your night off!
Its been a pretty busy day so far
Apartment hunting BLOWS. Anybody in Nashville know of a cheap apartment to live in for the baseball season? I just need a place to sleep...
yeah they count. Do you like clue?
Fake Foreverfly that's that shit I don't like!!
time to play solid Basketball look for shots and make them. Need this win. Let's go Heat, let's go.
Let me work something out then!
Seriously, "why not?" is the question you should be asking all the time.
"Courageous" THE MOVIE blog post @ daryldorsey.com
awesome day, better night!!!
"Flying is learning how to throw yourself at the ground and miss."
Sign up on my website and visit the members page to see "behind the scenes" footage of me singing the national anthem for the chicago bulls!
Annually, public library systems coordinate sharing of 9 million items between WI public libraries to serve residents efficiently! DPI stats
In my texas, hole in the wall bbq joints (like that one in belton wrote about) would be open now.
Thanks for the support over there in Oklahoma! Shine responsibly!
We are playing the cd release on October 17th! We will have tickets very soon contact us if your interested!
He makes sure he is worth my time, everytime. Game recognize game
Don't worry, there's plenty of room at the corner of bitter and jaded.
did haven't called me. :/
God, I love football!
What pictures??
how bout all this growth goes to my butt ! that would be nice ! i wish i had ass.....:(
Girls Day
#IfYouDontHaveAMan Think Like a Man is waiting for u if you're tired of being lonely
BK.. It's Bill b time..hate to say
“It’s never too late to be what you might have been.” -George Eliott
Having a good morning pray to god it stays this way without all the drama<f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0088>
Dear Mom and Dad, I'm still not a fan of turducken. Let's ham it up next year por favor.
Awesome show tonight really gonna miss this week but well be fine since we're going on tour next weekend. @
Pressible just passed 100 sites on our publishing network!
Hm....thinking about throwing in these 0's...
Sounds good to me! :) I am highly convinced that most writers take their stories from their own dreams! LOL
Nothing like feeling professionally incompetent right before a long weekend.
Wonder what is doing in Wisconsin???
You Don't Know How MuchIt Would Mean To Me If You Followed Me... Cuz Obviously I LIVE For You (; <333
but you like ashhole
great i think toast hates me...
Ah, thanks again.
thinking of you while reading Second Book of Nephi on devil; "this awful monster; yea, that monster, death and hell"
Nothing can cure the soul but the senses, just as nothing can cure the senses but the soul.
thanks! - lots of potential here for our podcasts and for world languages-
Hello my lovelies! I'm ready to give up on the company twitter and go back to mine alone. Also going to experiment with liquid latex soon!
okay no problem ! :)
April 6, 6:45 pm. My band, Symfinity will play at The Bitter End in New York, NY.
He's not followin me Rt : RT if Niall isn't following you. (I'm gonna follow some of you, must be following me <3)
The Tooth Fairy taught kids to sell their body parts for money. I blame her for prostitution.
Mighty in battle now my Victor be Death has no power when You hold the key :: Be Thou My Passion
Major Upgrade: Cleveland Browns expecting to make &quot;big jump&quot; next season after strong draft
It was great catching up with you today!! Hugs!!
what's up we need you
Hey thanks for the add!
keep looking for more #interviewtip the december grad edition: getting you ready to find and get hired at your 1st career all month long!!
Is there such a thing? RT Watching way took much #SATC lately. Sheesh.
Thx! MT : Beyond loving you blueberry pie, #DCCheapEats is a big fan of your crab cakes and brunch menu!
Lol and ill be the perfect guy right hahaha jk; )
i followed you back..your ...your ....GORGEOUS. but ugh i hate that.
Have to agree opinions are your own. No sane person could agree with any of them! Put you and Laxdal in a rubber room
Is at the collision center yet again! Maybe I should just ride a mule...
would you not say our moral beliefs have evolved?
To get what you really want, you must say 'NO' to what you don't want.
you do so much for us! Haha ! Cant wait to hear it!
ASU scores another on a bases loaded walk. lead 7-2 after 6.
Me: what member of the Scooby gang do I get to be? : Buffy.
I really wish Peyton Manning would hurry up and make a decision!! Tired of hearing about it :-/
nothing just waking up haha, idk if I know you? but anyways I'm Wanya like Kanye but with a Wan in front of it haha
He makes a team want to rise up..even if Pau was the one who really brought the most...and Blake was awesome...
ok - that smoothie was awesome! might need daily delivery :)
Happy Birthday Brotha!!!!
I feel as wise as the old owl.
Morning sessions with her tho
Mike Brown on Jordan Hill's status tonight: "He's playing"
exactly what i'm doing now. the only way i will fail is if i give up. for me success in this biz is not a question of if, only when.
congratulations on your nomination skip
so you're going??
Wow who knew laying down could hurt...fucking sprained shit
RT if u like Nicki Minaj & wanna see her in Miami this weekend
"Let's get someone to take our picture."
Starting a new book by Bill Perkins titled "When Good Men Get Angry" - I'll keep you posted on how it goes.
Better than a concert by The Silence - you'd just be angry at having wasted money to see a band that never even came on stage!
Getting Ready for the Arts n Soul festival here in Oakland. I hv a booth. Stop by folks.
PS Near perfect, and you'd love it. And reinforces your point. ;)
Wow, that might be hard to answer on twitter! How about write scifi books from a Hawaiian mountainside retreat?
Tonight at 10- Group Of The Altos, Northless, and Burning Sons!
yes I was quiet yesterday. Long day of work & errands.
Even as kids reach adolescence, they need more than ever for us to watch over them
umm ... are unicorns "monsters"? that seems to defy the spirit of the name
Some people just needa be taught a lesson!
man I knw they were a little out there already charging 4 carryons, but the new fees r just str8 whack! Bad on
We're ahead, but it's not done without admit strategy.
Its not what you got... its what u do with it
Thanks for helping tweet #UWeather today!
Will do!
Nah man I can't, sadly. You?
How u gon put me on punishment for your #WackAss Lakers
We lost one of America's most beloved, Rest in peace Dick Clark.
Interesting fact: 64% of consumers have been purchasing more generic brands. Rebranding may be in order for high-end brands!
a faggot is a pile of sticks
I'm mad as hell cause he playing and hanging with theme but don't want to be with me like #WTF!! -_-
Yo mama's so fat she needs a hula hoop to keep up her socks.
Would you live with ease, do what you ought, and not what you please. – Benjamin Franklin
mom made me walk today to school just because I was being 'rude' -.-
Good Luck Tomorrow Beat the Cards!!!
I am just helping :)
Watching last nights #TheVoice is Cyndi Lauper drunk? I love her but she kinda ruined the song
its so good...... So good. Idk what the controversy was all about that shit was incredible.
Can I have a little more variety in widgets for #Siri? Both the weather and the stock market are pretty depressing.
Now or never Crew
are you doing the demo at loretta lynn's this year?
me, maybe? (no definitely!)
what do you mean ? it was
#TeamUgly and im proud <3 the only person that needs to tell you that your pretty is yourself <3 Believe in yourself
Having major Chipotle withdrawal
17 more days left of school
ok baekhyun and chanyeol are so cute.
Hey Shawn thanks for follow, who exactly is SuzyQ? Besides the name of the song?
i know aurora told me but still you should call me more often i promise im not busy! im just not at home right now! :/
while I love WWE , they have to watch some TNA tag team matches to see how it is done ! Beer Money vs machine guns last night ruled !!!
patience damn you
#GoatCurse /It was a pleasure.
time with is time well spent. So smart, so many ideas, so much experience....and lessons in NY ambient makeup.
DEAL! RT : what say & I take you guys out for lunch one of these days?
The country club remains a perk for many CEOs - USA TODAY
He's now at 528.
infant sorrow- inside of you :-)
MVP!..no question
is so cute!
Is it acceptable to moan while getting your hair shampooed? If not, then I apologize to the employees and patrons of Kidz Cutz on 3rd.
No problem, Damon!
Can you help me get newly purchased program working for desktop? It says it "could not connect to Twitter authentication system"
the best hangover cure. I miss Toppot!!! Cc
oh yay! Can i have a shout out please ^~^ <3?
fantastic use of the word Rapey. Gold star for you!
Round 2 is almost completed. Ai is the leader at -11, followed by SH Kim, NYC, and Inkster.
And Dominick's. And the South Quad Snack Bar. And at Kline's Department Store. No wonder my grades were not so stellar.
Been in the office since 9am and time is flying by. I just love booking and planning parties....
No one likes a suck up.
hey its me mary aka iamsporty657, please follow me back. also your videos are amazing carly. =)
? As anyone tried WEN by Chaz hair? Specifically African Amer females. Pls let me know the outcome. Thanks
I was doing that since you were still in your daddys jewels homeboy... Lol see you tomorrow punk :)
Sorry if my spamming is bothering you.
a bit? I should say so! Lol good evening
I feel pretty lucky in that way. With Jeff Tweedy at top of that list.
Question: What do you think was the best movie of 2011?
Hope your Friday commute home doesn't involve 15 minutes watching people not adapt w/middle lane stopped. :( UnHappy 1/4 Hour
where are you? You can get it from Cargo UK
Im new here so not too sure how this works but happy birthday
i still drink a lot so that doesnt help at all lmao
I love you!!!!! Happy V-Day lovey!!
and yall two can talk face to face so you can explain to him that you don't like comments like jail is amazing
thank you for the great online class! So excited for my first Alt!
Dublin 2010 Summer Deadline TODAY! Bring application materials to Erin Palmer in room 6 Annenberg Hall.
We are so happy is sponsoring our festival. With this #DC weather we need nice cold beer!
Hey everyone, go check out our bands site- www.3sgiants.com, and check out our page on Facebook- Third Stream Giants! Our CD coming soon! :)
lol y'all crazy
Today in Jazz - 1947 - Dizzy Gillespie plays Carnegie Hall w/Ella Fitzgerald and Charlie Parker.
50 more followers? :D PLEASE
Miami welcomes you with open arms and ridiculously high temperatures. Highly recommend #prime112 if you are on the
no club can afford 2 let ladies drink free all night unless they pour #trash liquor,but I do agree ladies should pay no cover
Remember idyllic times with my then 8 year old daughter, cruising California coast, windows open bright summer sun blasting Brass Monkey.<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A4>
you go girl
There is so much aggressive male pants removing happening here right now. These dudes have more testosterone than Alistair Overeem.
First Friday in #FountainSquare!
quite possibly the most realistic bobble head of all time. Solid.
Games like tonight make me want to kiss JJ Hardy on the lips and then sue myself for sexual harassment.
Never know with this social media thingy...
Glad the weather is a little better today.Can you imagine living in this type of hot weather all year around? Its like that in the Caribbean
I swear I was gonna flip the fuck out on my manager if she said one more thing to me rudely.
She's a library regular (how I noticed she was in during school hours and asked) so I'll do some gentle questions and guidance.
nope. I disagree
are you ok robert you havent tweeted since tuesday
All she want is some heel money.
We almost missed it ourselves! Were told a different time. It should be up on the site later this afternoon.
They should rename the San Francisco bus system to "$2 Homeless Porn Rides"
No love quite meets up to that 1st love (not sex, LOVE). U can love again but like they say about crack, U're chasing that 1st high. my Mom
House is smelling god. Only four of us but enough food for a baker's dozen.
mz shakarah spoken is about to get cussed out or something
#Nuggets win!!! Take that Kobe!
Pekka Rinne: 41 saves on 43 shots. Jimmy Howard: 19 saves on 22 shots. And, yeah, I'm watching hockey.
<3 we are gentle hearts haha
Didn't originally intend to listen, but am having a total driveway moment with the Daisey debunking ep of This American Life.
omg, let me know when you do! WE ARE HANGING OUT!!!
sure was! Nice meeting you yesterday! Remember, #BeastMode is not just a nickname, but a way of life.
Outside it's rainy and cold, but inside its warm and toasty, with $1 #bartab drinks to be had! Don't let #theMondays get you down!
This is only blue Monday if you are blue
When 7am is your start time at work it trend to be a long day...
Set's going up & actors are rehearsing on all cylinders. It's all coming together. Who's gonna be there? 4 shows only.
Try #Getsocialbrevard too :)
Needs some new good tunes to vibe to....Anybody have any artist suggestions?
Want a free signed ticket, flyer, and flyer?? Tell us your fav event this year for your chance to win!
Ugh I think I'm over drinking. I hate feeling like crap the next day and trying to remember all things I said and did. It's not fun anymore.
off 2 Grassroots Fest!
"Emirates Cup victory looking less impressive by the day!" meaningless mid-season friendlies. Sold some energy drinks though.
who was the first girl to run off the stage on maury that cause every single girl to do the same ?
I've been a little off the chain tonight. ;-) #CAPS!!!!!!!
The future person I'm incubating in my belly currently prefers Kraft MacnCheese & Entenmanns to anything else on the food scene.
The Spring 2012 season of begins tonight! See you at at 7:00pm!
Happy December! There are just a few more classes for students at before final exams and Christmas break!
My dads been singing it can be true at the top of his lungs the whole day the problem is.. he can't sing
Attn: LasVegas! SATAY Thai on Paradise, 50% off for INDUSTRY -ALL December. Just show your Biz or ID card. Food only, cannot combine offer
DT next board mtg Oct 10? that's a saturday
They got my order wrong at #starbucks and now the woman behind me is all pissed off. lol
thanks for the follow! Since you also have a sweet tooth please pass along your best recipes! :)
TRAFFIC: Slippery stretches reported throughout the Dane County area
YOUR MUM!
Mark, thanks for the RT on my son in the navy!!!
I do too, follow me to hear all brewers, all the time.
Weird weather today in #abq. Feel like I'm in the twilight zone.
Do you take reservations?
Casually just registered for classes on my phone
it's cool, Bill! Thanks, she's my pride and joy! She completes me in every possible way. :-)
Hate feeling this way! My eye opener. :(
Champ Baileys reaction that play was sensational.
Today I am designing a website / forum for fallen officers. I take a lot of pride in my work. I hope it turns out great!
Cont. Open your eyes people! Being gay isn't a choice! And the sky isn't blue cuz it's "gods" fav color. Science exists!
Putting together a "Nothing" show for the gallery. Hoping to get Something from Nothing.
bring your organic raw linen shopping tote when you come to seattle, it will help u blend in.
hope I get breakfast.
Warren Buffet's secret weapon: 5 Diet Cokes a day.
#TeamFollowBack #TeamFollowForFollow #FollowForFollow @ me when u've already #followed so I can #follow u back!
maybe you should just let him do it?
do you DM your fans?!
It's 5:39 and im up..:/ why you ask.? I have a freaking science field trip..:(
GOSH I love Corey Hart. What a badass. Coreeeey Hart. Be mine!
that's interesting. With Jackson being on there makes sense why he is leaving.
Yes! Mockingbird's is also phenomenal.
Thanks for giving our takeout & delivery service a try :)
We're looking forward to seeing old friends and meeting new ones at #nwsa2011!
hahah twitter trashing love it
RT : "Nothing is quite as funny as the unintended humor of reality." -Steve Allen
come party in texas sometime
ESPN FRIDAY NIGHT FIGHTS BETTING ODDS with preview! www.boxingbettingnews.com
Did that really just happen?
Texas, North Carolina, and South Carolina are best business climates according to survey of U.S Exec's. TX has held #1 ranking since 1999.
Darvish determined in Rangers win
I like you,more than a friend
so how is everyone today?
Just used "Chrome" as an example of a browser B/C apparently "Internet Explorer" is over.
A smooth sea never made a skilled mariner.
Lots of activity at the Museum today as we prepare to take flight with our new exhibit on WWII aviation.
sure thing. (if there are any left)
Sorry for the retweeting spree, but that was some funny shit.
somewhere down the road I might get lonely
Did you visit us at ? Check our Facebook to see if you are one of our lucky winners!
Listening to "Love or Leave Him?" Please tweet us your advice! We need to help "M!"
I must have more realtor followers than any other non-realtor
beach today with my mom and hopefully my boo ... <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
Is it a good idea to interact with a teacher/classroom if you're observing the class? Or should you be a silent observer?
Freedom to be exploited? The race to the bottom continues...
LOVING THIS!
Sen. appropriators eliminate interest subsidy on undergrad student loans during 6-month grace period to find $ to maintain max Pell
My mom was the master of that!
I love my electric toothbrush, but sometimes I just have to break out the acoustic.
--- Biggest disappointment ever
Just walked by the mens fragrance counter and spotted a Cologne called "sexual fresh" ?! So weirded out!!
The ex-hippie/burnt-out 70's stoner contingent at this show is thru the roof.
Been puttin in apps everywhere....n still no get back nigga need a job
#onlyskinnyppl go to planet fitness put baby oil on look in the mirror and not lift a damb weight
yeah! and it's not a billion miles away! great job !!
Making myself a little something to eat because a bitch is hungry!
Any Bulls fan watching? Think Algren's epitaph "Road is all, End is nothing" and have amnesia about this post season.
How often do players come back to play after a torn ACL...anybody know?
My world ends when i forget mine:s : Cool forgot my Chapstick -.-
“: President Obama Jokes Around at the WH Correspondents Dinner." Ohh I get it, u meant, he was the joke!
I HATE BEING SICK!!!
Oklahoma drill, here we Go!
At PSA Partnership Maryland Zoo event. CEO Hutchinson speaking. Photos to be posted soon on PSA Facebook Page. #in please share this.
Betty is back tonight.
Mature, girlfriend.
Public service reminder: today is an excellent day to buy chocolate at very nice discount.
Restaurant owners who use bring accountability to their staff. Which in-turn provides a better overall customer experience.
Jamming to Sander van Doorn's Identity mix show on XM ch 52 Electric Area ...
So tired I went to bed at 7pm. just woke with a headache and muscle soreness and some serious thirst. Dehydray-shun! Thank you cajun man!
Hey...not to go too far off topic...but did you guys see the Giants got their Super Bowl Rings ...
okay, good night (:
People are funny today. Keep up the good social networking friends.
Some assets that are pledged for lines of credit can be trademarks, equipment, real estate, inventory and even office furniture.
im really loving character modelling, zbrush is probably my weapon of choice learning maya too
Taking off! Miami in less than 3 hrs!!!!!!! So anxious :)
Ikr I'm not liking it so far
I say we see each other :)
awh. Thank you :)
Bigg Weezy on U stream Comedy by the Slice in Hermosa Beach
how can you tell if an #aquarius likes you?
That's some real talk bro :/
OFFICIALLY A COLLEGE SOPHOMORE!
It seems to me that if you can only vaguely recognize a subject in a artwork, then it really lets your imagination create its own vision.
less than 10 turnovers = laker losses.
Rap/hip-hop my junior year of high school>>>>>>
follow first :) i will be at 568. wbu??
The die has been cast. What work the tool provided actually accomplishes, we'll see.
So, I'm in Florida now and it should be about 80 degrees tomorrow.
Writing about life at a standstill.
omg the purple gummy bear is staring at me again and telling me its going to eat me but it doesn't have teeth! lol
Weather like this makes me think of two things: I don't have enough sundresses & how many cool things can I pack into the next 120 days.
Mommy Life: Eric Ludy on adoption
Are you using Papers alongside EndNote or as a replacement? I keep trying it out but I can never fit it into my workflow very well
Audrey is back from vacation!
A worthy alternative. Have a great time while you're there. We'll drink your share at GABF.
who needs a ps3? got you on deals
We're 85% sure that Henry Rollins is opening for Dinosaur Jr. tonight at the BUT. Because North County doesn't have enough meatheads.
Great show last night at eGarage! Doing a monoscene was fun. I played an alcoholic lesbian who just want found out her son was adopted.
Go Download .1Moneyball ft. prod. By & via
I really hate it when people retweet me but don't follow me. Its just as easy to click follow as it is to click retweet.
Are there any artists who could draw me as a cartoon character? I really want to know what I would look like. Not as a caricature, btw.
It finished strong.
Had In-n-out for lunch and I found my phone
How do we twitter the President if we have an idea that would CREATE JOBS and ELIMINATE MILLIONS to billions on Unemployment?
to the random chick in the avi, when u awake. Good Morning Haha<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Successful day! Scenes 1 and 2 of Julie and Kieran in the bag. Shooting with Shey Flowers Tom Machell Grant Turnbull Olivia McFaul tomorrow!
OH and you can like her pictures while you're at it
Today we reflect on the efforts of our service men and women and all they've done to preserve our rights, our freedoms and our way of life.
thank you Nance, I'll let you know when I know...
Honesty Counts .....
is the greatest! :) Miss you!!
Good bread, like good wine and good coffee, is all around us now in Washington and the suburbs..- Firehook Bakery & Coffee House!
What's the biggest thing that happened in Az hip hop so far in 2k12
I want to see The Dictator.
Another CONGRATS- won a #PeabodyAward too! 3 films were recognized: Freedom Riders, Triangle Fire, & Stonewall Uprising.
hey we both wanna save the world! most people just care about themselves :(
I'm really just waiting for that person that when I say, "I'm okay, just tired." They hold me tight and say "I know you aren't and I'm here"
great game today - on to Buffalo!
Thx for the mention, it was a great event! RT : live tweeting today's #csuite conversation with Peter Bernard NOW!
So, I accidently deleted my story that I was supposed to be putting part 4 on.... How stupid?!
#Celtics better defend against a 4-pointer. Go #Cavs!
I'm Donna. Digital Services Manager at a public library in San Diego County.
I did see that
Clough: We would be honored to undertake the challenge of the
So Mr. and Mrs. Smith has got to be one of the most ridiculous movies ever
This is great.
my btw i made a twitter for it too :P
Gov't shut-down? At least the mail will be on time!
Man, I wished I would've took a picture of that man in his uniform.
do yourself a favor and avoid all the Leinie's beers. try something local like Lakefront Brewery or Sprecher or New Glarius!
word up
Interested in participating? Sign up for The Gourmet Expo today!
Make Starbucks deliver. You're Patton Oswalt, dammit!
Oh, you're speaking my language. RT : We are clearing out our cellar. Cantillon 2009 Lou Pepe Kriek special. More to come.
#Nationallabday had a fantastic time in the Galapagos on #missionblue! Pictures coming soon.
Feeling better every day. Thank heavens!
Sleeping late tomorrow. Nice!!!
intro video is pure genius.
Yeah Yeah! We b clubbin LOL
Silly me for thinking the basketball playoffs would be more fun to watch than #GC2012. Bet some delegates are praying for a slam dunk...
So Fucking tired!
On our way to see #EdieEntertainer perform at the M Bar in Hollywood!
is layin down more drum tracks today. Few more sessions, & then... GUITARS! Oh yea!
Baking pumpkin pie bars! Yum! :-)
it's not ugly HE IS UGLY! It's cool doe because others people ignorant comments don't get to me and I am not going to retaliate
it's so much fun! And Joe was awesome today when he came!
....is screaming HAPPY BIRTHDAY 2 my lil cousin...LATOYA STRIPLING!!!!
I love being da Boss eve on payday
YES. YES. YES. YES.
you making the #dusky trip this year?
Good for you, Nori! You're moving ahead and quickly! I wish you the best! Have a great evening!
My friday night is going to consist of reading books and watching movies. sounds good to me. :)
OMG! “: hey you guys know about 1025 live right? Big concert by the capital. Thousands of people”
Want to kickstart your writing for summer? is hosting the next #femlead: writing/research/blogging as leadership. 5/22 2pmEST
got a compliment today on our recent newsletter. "Did Layla Grayce create it for you." Nah. That'd be me. Lucked out. Tee-Hee.
Talked to earlier. We bout to start hitting these streets every 3 months! Starts in June. Stay tuned.
Enjoy when you can, and endure when you must.- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
I take it that's not one of those touristy boats. Something tells me this has to do with work. Nice sky colors!
I know right!!!
thanks man. sorry this week was such a bust. I was really looking forward to connecting with you.
I'm so excited u r graduating! Omg! What r u majoring in? Where do u work? I'm good! School and I intern at E! I'm excited 2 c u!
About to head out For Some Mexican food
About to write the most boring paper I've ever written..
is fucking amazing and needs to come to #Louisville for a drag show.
Taking Real Estate Class for renewal of Brokers lic. Also talked to person that has some great ideas for outsourcing..
Spurs in 4, Thunder in 5.
At first I thought you took my breath away, but then I realized I was just being suffocated by your bullshit.
man keepin it low pro...bringing in the NEW YEAR with family...tomorrow night Im going to white wonderland
ohk(: thnk you im gnna go check it out(:
1 week till baseball season.
As I guessed, lol. She's also gotten a lot of speeding tickets.
is hoping tonights homemade taco's come through... saw a friend check in at #whitecastles down in Kenosha, I was tempted to make the trip
Thank you for following Suburban Cowboys! FYI we are in Chicago Thursday night at LaSalle Power Co.!
Earliest DJ load in time 6:45am. Djing junior achievement 10k in sandy springs
Thanks to all our great twitter followers!!!
If you have a problem being faithful, you don't belong in a relationship.
i think i just fell in love with a map called squirrel highways by denis wood
don't worry about the number since it always fluctuates. Use measuring tape and take your measurements, it's more accurate
Oh Im still a believer!
Tough is your middle name.
if you only knew what i know.
sorry I was dancing round my untidy room picking up stuff so I can go out tomorrow :') xoxo
jobs bill is lies, it takes 2 to 7 yrs to get road & bridge jobs ready
When you're about to say something but you don't and then someone else says it and you're like, I was gonna say that!but no one believes you
Actress with Blonde Hair and Blue Eyes (West Hollywood)
That is a good point. Just b/c they are on the pg doesn't mean they see the benefits of the product.
Rams give 2nd round pick to the redskins. Now shanahan can ride RG3s success into another head coaching job he doesn't deserve (like elway)
Gabe y don't you dance with Dejan anymore please awnser
it's unbelievable how many dumb asses there are in this world :p
[] single [] taken [x] trying to figure out how one DOES get into morodor
Im a xian, geographer, and have volunteered at LL. Would love to discuss IJM's web initiatives and web maps.
Lmao. No wrong but good one.
yea you know I gotta show love to my #2Up boys
Ugh someone just used this argument against me and I shut them down
just cataloged mail from Columbia's School of the Arts / Writing Division. Kind of a shock to see the words "413 Dodge Hall" again.
Bring a great attitude, a smile, a flawless resume and a firm hand shake. It doesn’t hurt to dress for success.
I am very excited for my fantasy baseball leagues to get going and not so hopeful for my real baseball team to play this season.
So I got to speak with Valley Dude Customer Service. Don't tell me how you know money is tight and other bull lines, just fix it.
The March sisters + the Bennett sisters + the traveling pants sisters = still less than Wittmer females
it's me!
2 years ago I used Great Country Farms. Wouldn't recommend them.
#Vegas is hot as hell !!!
Thank you very much! Let me know your opinion.
Yes, having to start him against LHP is a bit of a pain, but is hardly the end of the world.
I just had the best dream, a dream that i met mac miller.
I know what you mean about ice cream sodas. I love them, so many places make them wrong, like with crushed ice plus ice cream.Yuck!
Tweeting today from #ikids conference at Or is it #kidscreen?
Twelve ounces of delicious Stumptown drip coffee (Holler Mtn blend), and a biscotti for ONLY $1.00? This week only, from 7-8am !!!
Let the phone ring 6 times so you wont seem desperate ")
My daughter loves the steam roller. Are you similar Mr. er, Miss (?) Machine? :)
So glad you're hosting #Duets - now it's a must watch!
Why is my mustache taking forever to grow back? Why is my body healing so slowly. Something is wrong here
On our way to the
and are really getting me pumped for #BELIEVE! How long must I wait?!
Start the day off with a good book and some cigarettes... This is a new day for me.
Best of Bacon #3: Bacon meat balls
haha! Michigan State for him but I'm all UofM or nuthin.
Going out tonit
Christmas Eve is flying, but at least I'm not flying on Christmas Eve! Thankful!
on air tonight in the Motor City 96.3 WDVD! Your Friday just got better people :) Music makes you feel good and I love to make you smile!
Btw that 37k on temple run was my 5 yr old sister messing with my moms phone and she hit tweet..
Haven't smiled this much because of someone in a long time .
Not everyone around you is your friend, remember that.
Havent slept that good in forever. I feel so good.
the what will u be? Mr sexy!?
RT RT #SpursNation licking their chops Reggie Evans chops will be dripping blood like a hyena after a kill
No, we're skipping them. We'll head over there for a beer or two after the game.
what dat be like??
Short evening tonight, bed at 9p and up for work at 4a :( lol
do you think Patients should be in control of rating 'patient satisfaction' in hospitals?
MONEY & RESPECT
Green flag is underway in the Aaron's 499.
Great ADR session today thanks to Mike Rivera, Sally Connors, and Thiago Tiberio! The Wailing Film
Friend me on ASW Inner Circle if you are members. Friend me on FAcebook: Stephen Samuel Santoro
true, can't wait.
Laziest workout in a while
Optimism about the value of higher Ed wd be easier for me if I saw more dignity in action within universities.
What do a clitoris, an anniversary, and a toilet have in common? Guys always miss them.
On my way 2 six flags with and bout to be straight chillin in the hot sun lol #need sunscreen please lol
-hugs an kisses cheek- you dooing better?
heyy! we havent talked on here in like forever! lol
thanks! Have a great weekend.
Tumbled marble gives a European appearance and works well with a range of bathroom materials.
What do you call a marketing strategy ... aw, nevermind.
Great time with and
Hey EveryBody How U Doin ????????
if they ain't rocking flame. Than they resellers
Spring break!!!!! Yes!!! Fighting next week in Houston. Ready to stay up late and play video games!!!!
Never fails out here.
i def come away with some wins. haha
what up lil cuzzo sorry for the delayed response how ya been?
So many coffee tweets! Can you tell I had mine?
Just woke up next up over to poms!
ASDFGHJKL. I JUST WON A SIGNED COPY OF UNBROKEN. LET ME DIE. OMFG I CAN'T.
I gotta start treating my girl better. (with that I mean my bf) my BFF. Lol.
Anyone else going to 's Deeper in .NET this Saturday? Come check us out!
People are such hippocrites.
Sitting through RuPaul's drag race for the first time. Oh my!
So excited for this time will sign my ARM
Welcome to NTH, Michael Terry in Grand Rapids, Yazen Shunner in Northville and Chuck Cole in Northville! We're so glad you're on our team.
I think I'm gonna make a strawberry banana smoothie for breakfast :D
watching Texas race and NFL
Same!! I'm so pissed!! CW sucks!! To get them to renew was hard, but getting another network 2 pick it up is much harder :(
I'm prone to hyperbole, but one of the best meals I've ever had.
Coming home 15 minutes early = happy David
last thing I want to do is hurt you. But it's still on my list.
yeah. I feel a little vertigo now and then. Inner clock all outta wack too.
Happy Cinco de Mayo BEA Bloggers!
Bronx Goblin is looking for someone who is interested in writing game recaps or has any idea's for serious stat writing. Let me know.
maybe I'm just not pretty enough..that it?
Thank you so much! We've got some fun plans on the roadmap.
Oh art history is digital technology REALLY such a problem, you've been OBSESSED with slides for years, is it SO hard to move on?
yes yes
Are the photos pretty high-res?
So I had someone order a latte, but wanted the espresso and milk to be kept separate. 1st time I've had that happen.
Relating a story of how she was introduced to Capstone Interactive Library. They gave her a district trial
It was great meeting Chinese customers on the trip. They have $ and are willing to spend it on internet marketing training materials.
Less than a month until my birthday :D
No I'm not, but I use the art of psychology every day.
I just really wanna unload all my feelings on here but I don't want everybody at school to know what's going on in my brain.
3 Shows, 4 days. DONE! Woot had a blast. Looking forward to playing again all across Orlando!
I'm bored too..
#ShoutOut Enjoy today to the fullest ! Peace & Love
is this in the art barn?
I agree, really depends on the judges mood and personality, i think
Looking forward to starting my Masters program in a couple of weeks!
Getting some ink done today. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Not been back to the office yet, but I remain hopeful they saved me a crumb.
Thank you to everyone who came out to Sound Swap last night!
I want to make sure #cincodemayo is celebrated accurately this year... So glad I purchased that poncho in Cancun
Misery, despair, and too much caffeine can only mean one thing: another all-nighter in the library.
RT The sooner we get to 6,000 followers, the sooner someone gets an iPad!!! Tell all your friends! Follow and tweet #EZLawPad!
are you alive? No tweets about UK in the final 4 or championship?! Congrats! But seriously are u ok? Where r you??????
So #Newt wants to build a moon base while we are borrowing 40 cents on every dollar we spend?
oh idk..0.o...oasis the cuz ur friend aiden posted a pic of a dude playing a pokemon game lol.I thought it was u :3
tonight was a lonely night. watched a movie all alone and now listening to music in my room all alone. i guess today's hate Kaelyn day.
welcome to twitter Gary <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
I LOVE that went straight to for mullet advice. ;)
thanks for the S/O :)
New day dawns for the program...the alumni and students in this program will change the face of corporate education...
Single plastic rose wit da lite n it, flip flops wit the flowers on em, a rusty hooptie wit rims, an outfit from 7days
Check out our website at recovery4autism.org for more information on our upcoming celebrity event.learn how to get involved how to attend.
we need to catch up soon
Anyone from from CMH traveling to Bonnaroo tomorrow?
Goodluck to my dad starting his new job tomorrow! Cant wait to see whats in store for us!
and yes, it's the job of our government - the legislation was passed by Congress & signed by POTUS
We cannot do everything at once, but we can do something at once.
I will as soon as I get home .... texting + driving = bo bueno lol
promotion time follow
Won tickets to see the #Avengers movie! Love anything by #Marvel comics.
haha everyone knows who you are le'will, no need to be so quiet
Laying in your bed
How's the project coming along?
'We are the first civilization to be living amongst the ruins of our own construction.' Jared Diamond (Can't sleep-watching doc's.)
Always be friends with the girl that brings food
LOL...looks like i am the one who needs to tread lightly now.
my dad digs my #classicalmuzik good look pops
So pretty sure I going to make some #chocolatechipcookies right now...
Gold-plated? nah, I'd rather have the glossy piano black back on the slim. Glossy is the new black.
“ “ If God is for me, I could care less if you are against me!””
No motivation to work on my research project....
Thanks for the RT!
I definitely thought you were joking when I first saw this tweet. Then I started crying...
Classic switcheroos with big shoulder pads never disappoint!
On a scale from 1-10 how gay is this guy?
thanks man! Just packed up your order! :)
Anytime, anytime Kosi.
Julius Peppers and Donovan McNabb are the only two people to play in a Final Four and the Super Bowl
Great to be there. Good to connect again.
lmao singing that one wish ray j
The #Browns are a big recurring topic on #Mike&Mike show this morning. Well, if anything, they've made themselves relevant again...
Don't forget to RT your boy and Those guys really are nuts and on this thing, sir. See u soon
its aliens shit happens
Coffee was good, yes, and very helpful!
When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be. Lao Tzu Go and grow!
get boned broseph. hate that :[
Don't give up yet.
The music made by is so freaking grand.
Dworkin: instead of music as organized sound, music may be defined as is organized listening.
thanks for follow me(:
Today's playlist? 90s R&B. Wishing everyone a happy #laborday weekend from all of us here at the VAC. T-7 days until the opening!
going to start doing clan recruiting! if you want to join a sick ass, chill ass clan hit me up might also make a website for it :)
RIP Davy Jones!
If at first you don't succeed, try, try again. Then quit. There's no use being a damn fool about it. W.C. Fields -
follow me?! I'LL LOVE YOU FOREVER. I'll support even if you don't. You should check out my music though.
RT : “The only way to make sense out of change is to plunge into it, move with it, and join the dance...” - Alan Watts
Not an official deadline, but a self-imposed one. Trying to finish YA revision before SCBWI conf in late February!
In honor
Please please please #Packers move up and get Trent Richardson
Luck actually has the best possible position. At least he doesn't have to jump into Manning's shoes right off a winning season.
Thanks for the RT!
but here's bad news to counteract that, she probably left an unbelievable amount of work
To everyone who received a Mercedes or Lexus with a big red bow this Christmas, fuck you. Still.
i think you are to something: well, you could always visit Milwaukee. :)
This is a shocker. 60% of 8 year olds have smart phones. I don't believe it.
Our generation will be the wierdest grandparents.
RT For every second she had sex with Rick Pitino, Karen Sypher will spend 176 days in prison.
gurl, if there was moola that ish would be in your inbox.
hahahah that's funny! I'm Serbian too btw :D do u speak it?
Positive thinking :) everything will work out, my dog said so :)
Lmfao okay! then i have to remind myself to get money for ana's mountain dew! :P btw i think i only passed science sol. :P
Getting a headache.
laying like needles in the hospital.
Just asking: When will STL dump Ryan Franklin? ERA is 9.88 + opponents BA vs is .393! Not sure of contract situation but enough!
ohh for sure
Totally agree. I used to be completely in love with my Charge. Now I'm starting to think it's a POS
2.5 mile run over lunch break. lets see how motivated I am to get through the afternoon!
Is Twitter really that important?
hey ms coko!
“: follow" thanks! Enjoy the weekend!
From now on, whenever I think of Christophe Esposito, I will think of Red Bull
Buying a tent... I wanna go camping!!!
wishing there were more almonds in this cranberry/almond trail mix
Haha! I said it to today in History and she just looked at me like I was crazy!
is a beast...go chiefs
But it all depends on the package that is to be signed
Have you done any looking into Michael Milken and how he backs all the Casinos?
Spring break is gonna be amazingly fun.:D
Tron Guy still makes everyone happy. People line up to get their pics taken. Love it
. Hi Naomi. Nice that u got to connect & catch up w/ ur brother. I'm still hoping to have a cup of coffee/drink w/ u next trip. :)
Sounds like a great ride, and it's a beautiful day for it!
This dude is the white Lloyd
thank you mijo!
'tis a wintery mix...but nut'ins sticking
Gotta give it up to my dude , did his thing today. Awesome game, Metta!
dear one direction: #yourethereason i have 3 twitter accounts
very concerned..he seems to have the unlucky injury bug so far this year..
Not necessarily. T-Mobile, for example, offers value plan where you pay full price for phones ($600+), which appeals to some
Join us tonight from 6:30-11 pm at Southpointe Golf Club for the Community Leaders for a Cure event.
Really enjoyed #NerdyCast - Love the old school RW/RR talk. How often do you plan to do these?
I smell duet!
on twitter and checking my email
lifes too short,why not live to the fullest
need some help tracking down the GA resolution that formed UN Women. can you help? thanks!
and he got hit by a bus
Sick....RT : Watching the POV shots in this video reinforces the fact that I will never be a viral web sensation trials......
Crazy how some people think they are perfect, i was taught that was only God
Accidentally watched Sarah Jessica Parker's "I Don't Know How She Does It." Should have been titled "I Don't Know Why She Did It."
water and Juneau all we have right now is grilled cheese and grilled cheese with bacon $3
send me your address!! Need to send you a party invite!
Bootcamp feels especially early today with the time change. Ugh. should go easy on us this morning.
Thanks I'll see if my friends need any extras.
UConn has offered 2015 PG Jerron Love. They join TCU, St. John's, & Providence. I fully expect a few more BIG names to join the mix soon
do u want me to show u the text u sent me
The 24/7 traffic noise on Rosecrans is similar to a freeway
Saturday night just might be that night >>
RT Happy Teacher Appreciation Day! Thank you for inspiring us & shaping our future. Join us today &
Thanks for putting an empty box of cereal back in the cabinet. Now I can have disappointment for breakfast. -______-
let it be.
Dancing guy in 123 is back. what we came to see
Oh man. I got so used to crappy Will Ferrell projects I forgot how awesome he was on #SNL, and is right now.
"live well. laugh often. love much"
RT : is presenting on Texas Portal Project - Huzzah #JHUAAM at
I went with black, maybe I'll get a pink cover for it ;-)
i don't hate, especially not over politics. Its going to take some persuasion for me to think Bush was a liberal though
damm I want a plate lol
seriously, you're full of shit. shut up already
lmfaoo I know !
Before you can really begin establishing financial goals, you have to figure out where you stand financially.
that was sweet! Thank You!
As a Yankee fan the injury of Mariano Rivera is terrible. I hope he has a speedy recovery and if he hopes to return to play he can do so
RT : "Story is geologically unstable. May shift at any moment." > Love this. :)
Saved your life!
OSAA Class 4A semifinals set for next week: Marist at Ontario; Phoenix at Baker.
Getting an idea what a full-court press feels like.
best moment in office: We got him! We ____ did it!
I know , it's been forever !
Bad way to end the night..
RT : It's so cold in the Burgh. (literally)
Prom on Saturday. Talladega on Sunday. Best weekend ever.
internet doesnt work, so I cant get any work done, so bad.
Oh, I can do better. I just need to know what meaning needs INCLUSION
Too bad LAC don't understand shot selection in 4th qtr or the Griz would be heading for JT's links tomorrow
I love figs... in all forms.... They are the best! Fortunately for me, I'm the only one in the house who agrees!
Oh I love them, don't want them going anywhere. But they don't happen daily like Florida maybe rains 1-2x a week if we are lucky.
terrifying giantess. also, that video is awesome. we are dorks, but awesome dorks.
Hehe, awe I'm good thanks, you? xo
allyouneedolga.webstore.com poised for world wide internet sales domination link is on my profile go find out why we area the best
Great day for some west tennis! #TTOD!
RT - So who its gonna be gabbert for jacksonville jaguars or newton tenn?-?
I do kindle reviews on the pc all the time...odd
Oh you didn't know? Your ass better call somebody!
Our worth isn't determined by our efforts. It's immeasurable in Christ. But, He asks 4 100% from us & of us so He can do gr8 things thru us.
Say a prayer on the big rock in front of "The Screamer" for me. That's where I was saved.
good job this morning , very professional
Got to sleep in =D now to get ready for my new second job! First official day! LB WHERE YOU @! ;)P
In Class Watching Lovely Bones!
so glad my paper was pushed to saturday
In PD eating dinner now!
Wait, I thought she didn't list herself as a minority? They change the stories faster than we can read them!
Starting to listen to was the best decision I've made this week. So good!
Shepards pie in the oven. Kids are playing together nicely & I'm reading the Dark Knight script. Couple hrs b4 I
your twisted new beginning to dan seals' 'really love 2 see u tonite'?
I should've kissed you reminded me of Parachute. Not Chris brown or 1D
I Swear Yo .. Im So in Tired Of These Thirtsy Ass Groupies ! ...
hey I'm headed to la in a week for some meetings and shopping we need to visit!
no it wasnt u sounded great with all of ur songs (:
money is gonna et u a plae to stay keep food in ur mouth ect ect it will never let u dwn if u dn know that then idk
This is my kind of weather!! Mid-60s and sunny is perfection for me.
LOL RT : Creating new incubator camp called "Camp in a Jewish Space In Space" (TM). Jewish Space Camp.
Congratulations to All-American JUCO Showcase Alumnus Jesus Delgado (Cochise) on signing with Texas Pan-Am. We wish him the best of luck!
$NCVT: This stock is a proven mover and with only 4 million shares in the float
+1 RT : Not doing much to change weak schedule reputation... RT UW AD Alvarez on ND "I'd like to have them scheduled." -
The meek shall inherit the earth.....after we're through with it.
who's hosting?
#foodiechat with is always a fun time!
RT : Wonderful day brunch, hangs, desserts, sunshine, hippo head, real talk. People who work @ Fritz are so nice.
Can't sleep, time to go run
Did you guys see show me off on his Ustream?! I feel so special.
There I was none the wiser both of us different trajectories who'd of thought we'd be right here in this spot, timing is everything
According to Carlos Cortes, the new Diversity issue to confront higher ed will be age. An important digital divide audience.
Fml my phone just died... -_-
No doubt fam! Let make it happen
- Sending "private" message through Twitter is like spray-painting it on my door instead of putting it in mail slot.
NOW NUBLU ORCHESTRA CONDUCTED BY BUTCH MORRIS HAS A FB PAGE...CLICK IT !
... by tricyclic antidepressants seems to be dose-dependent. Treatment should therefore consist of discontinuing ..
S/o to the women who put on lip gloss before they brush their teeth
Thanks for following. I'm following you now.
Sittin in the new moon screening...lost guess I shoulda watched the first one huh?!?
#IMMSongTitles S. A. X. by Lyfe Jennings
it's basketball of course imma have fun
Listening to Party in the USA. Bahaha, Oh yeah, Im chill.
I'm glad I didn't outright laugh!
When ignores my text and I'm literally right in front of her <<<<<
Sunday Funday! Come to Jon's Mat Pilates at 9am...
I hate mayo.
The sun is out! Time to start running the screen print presses full throttle again!
Thanks Lovely <U+2764>(:
where you at
What's that? Plagued by a case of the Biebers? I'm sorry, ma'am. It's incurable. He'll just keep coming back
of course not! would be all over it.
The departed might be the best movie ever made
awesome! thanks so much!
Our Rum Raisin Bread Pudding will have you drooling in your sleep! Served with Crème anglaise & cinnamon ice cream!
smack my haters and make em cry
Hey I heard you were a wild one.<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Where u get dat LSU beanie at
Thank you! ;) RT : Happy Mother's Day
Congrats! I need to jumpstart my blog!
Thanks for the #FF! We're in great company.
Thanks for stopping by today!
Well done!!!! Have to say I had a much different emotion upon this milestone-ha!
oh, everything is just fine, Kayla. (:
Happy birthday coach sean payton
Didn't take you for an 8Mile fan.
Carlos thank you so much! Let us invite you to a FREE pisco next time you come to visit us. Just show this tweet!
#GoogleAdwordsCertifiedPartner Flyline Search Marketing delivers effective pay per click service. Our designs produce very busy clients!
so I tell you leave when I mean stay
Lets show them what were made of fellas.
Baby sleeping good I bet. lol
Take your time to know the person deep within .
We in there tonight!!! MHMusic Takeova!!
Happy 4th of July ppl! Just got out of church so now I gotta find an oultet to plug my fone up in cause it totaly died on me :-(
Well, it looks like I gotta get my machine singing beautiful songs. Pronto!
Your a good dude. Everybody follow - One of our favorite bands to play with. (In the history of all bands. Ever.)
"best freshman he has seen this year"
Heath Bell is killing me
yea i feel u , i see so many niggaz and females wearing shit i be like wtf i got to start doing that too lol
Engineering Dev Manager-excellent leadership opportunity in Bellevue
follow back?
2nd'd | RT : "All I want for my birthday is for to win the 2nd Congressional district." -
Lmao I have received 3 texts about how good Wade is playing... Idc how good he plays Im a Wade hater!
My mom just got pissed at me cause I said she couldnt wear my fucking jacket tomorrow. Areyou fucking serious? No. Buy your own damn jacket.
i saw... shes not hot.. bye
Awesome..Thanks so much Scott. Join me live interview here at noon..
<U+27A0><U+27A0><U+27A0> Had a lot of people stop by today
LAX to IAD
“: Lets be completely honest, I would feed you to a shark... #brutalbuttrue” You'd be playing Jaws on a cello while watching
The awkward moment when the person who is cutting your hair says "oops"
Off is the general direction in which I wish you would fuck
Susan Hildreth kicks off the Partners in Workforce Investment panel
Smells of
current SAG contacts and AFTRA contacts all stay in effect until they expire and then we'll have # oneunion negotiating for us
Win a spot at our Seminar TONIGHT at 6:30PM with Nicole Wichinsky of DGRW! Just answer our trivia question at 1PM today!!
Last day of high school ever.... this is so surreal...
Make people laugh more!
Its a small step but its a step nevertheless
; I never noticed you followed me (: But when I did , I was One Happy Camper (:
Thank you for an amazing journey (can't just call it "meal") today! Thank Larry & Guillem, entire team, as well :) impeccable
youu better :D
split keyrings50 Years Calendar Key Ring Chain Keyring Silver- split key rings
Lil mama said ICONic Boyz O. M. G.
heey! iM the shoulder(:
What you're doing is incredible and inspiring. Way to go. Rock out!
": Goin to see !!! SO FREAKING EXCITED. :D" what's ur fav BA song?
I can only sugarcoat pain with humor for so long before it rusts out and I fall apart.
I wanna see you since you're back in the country and pissing people off already ;)
I wish I could go back in time...to when I was happy lol
#10BasicFactsAboutMe I'm addicted to traveling and can't stay in one place for very long.
I sure hope so!! Can't wait for future hang time (:
Good morning all my beautiful people have a wonder blessed day
Taking the scenic route back home
What do people think? Was that Patrick Crawley or Peter Gordon? I think it was Peter...
"Nine" opening night. Woohoo!
yes it is. Society is the ugly one
D3 sends good luck wishes today to B.B., K.T. & L.D.! Also, best wishes going out to L.F. & E.M. later this week! Huge D3 congrats to N.N.!
that means a lot coming from you missy.
I think I've been living under a dissertation-finishing-job-interviewing-class-teaching rock. Newt Gingrich won a primary?
I get that a lot.
Yes, my friend told me its thundering, very dark to the west
Live is like chess make the wrong move and game over
's compact definition of postmodern theory: "a lyrical assessment of something that was completely unintended.”
Your remix of "Break'n A Sweat" is truly amazing. One of the best remixes I've ever heard for sure. Really great flip of a track.
pretty sure I have about 20 years of personal experience that girls are very stupid
You're So Vain, Pistol Whipped, and Slo-Mo-Tion. Put these on radio stations and just you wait...
Why is there a "mommy war"? This is insanity.
"Classrooms are one of the last places in society where we can have a sustained conversation about something." Not sure I agree.
well I hope you find a good doc that will actually help you so you don't have to go so much lol
Happy Tuesday tweeps! Who's going to play #trivia this afternoon? You can win a $10 gift card from #SUBWAY! Yummy yummy.
Why do I even bother ,,,,,
Dear internet friends,don't tell your employer that you can't work today and then post on FB that you went to a party last night. Just sayin
Tournament of Champions tomorrow #playtowin ?
The Verizon commercial with the crying mom and daughter is beyond annoying.
#ReconciliationLaw - Process that is overseen with periodic meetings between the client and RL attorney or mediator.
Sign me up!
yes, her name is Aunt Rachel.
I don't think we're going to have austreams anymore :/
We have new hours on Thursdays! Now open: 2:30 PM to 6 PM! Please note this change!
Yup in my white tee
happy birthday
Need WSF help. If I buy a 10-use vehicle pass for the Vashon-Fauntleroy route, does it work for Tahlequah-Point Defiance too?
day is flying by.. That makes for a good Friday..
Wow! Good Job! Still maintaining? RT I started on HCG drops on July 3 of last year. The first 40 days, I had lost about 25 lbs
#WeWontWork if you cheat & lie
I'm hungry as fuck
beautiful boy. 4?
I'll be tuning in for sure! Thanks for giving me the time difference....hate figuring that out. ( :
PS. I like the Hanukkah-presents-every-day idea!
Standing here amazed at the amount of gossip that spews out of peoples mouths when not a thing pertains to them omw
I do like the Media section of the NYTimes on Mondays.
good morning, 16 year old (;
i'm starving. and im tempted to eat this whole bad of cheese balls.
WE LOVE YOU WITH ALL UOR SOULL !!! AND NOW PLEASE NOTICE ME
Missing Home
now kids will think... when i make ima fuck your bitch and pay for it. ctfu. you can thank todays music.
Anybody tryna rap with me? Just RT
Freshman of the yr. Plyr of the yr. Final4 MVP. #8 #BBN If all the cats plyd with half the heart MKG did we'd be unstoppable
sounds like my son..lol
How's everyone doing tonight?
Aw Anytime(: <3
I Jus wanted to ask you a few things about the industry sure you can help me better then most. You gonna be in cols. Anytime soon?
#Ashwednesday oops. Already ate a breakfast and have a turkey sandwich packed for lunch. Bad Catholic.
no tooth? Either too early or too late for SEC fan Halloween costume.
Conference Registration will open at 12 noon.
I have a vision of SEMF being a premier destination 4 people all over the world We put on a safe, quality and affordable event
I will not be sick on my birthday, I will not be sick on my birthday...
Q: Has baltimore's massive investment in law enforcement paid off? You be the judge.
Chipmunk movie is out-earning a movie from the collective mind of Spielberg and Peter Jackson. There's so much I don't understand.
My two favorite idols of season 11
the %10? Sure, it just comes naturally ;)
Had my rueda dance class this evening. It was so much fun. It's similar to salsa, but with a twist.
People in Alamogordo saw Ronnie Chavez, 55, hoist a large dog in the air by its leash—the dog frantic, the man unmerciful, the dog now dead.
carillons soccer game :(
Love how I get everything that goes on, on twitter sent to my phone.
Started Advanced Seminar readings. 2012 Advanced Seminar is going to be outstanding.
Thanks for the RT's!
Obviously my parents didn't love me as a child. #yankees!!!!
I never thought I'd see the day. You dont strike me as a tweeter
So your twitter was hacked? it's funny spellin' :-D Mine too,had to change the PW, and then forgot the new one til now. LOL
Of course they did; as Blackmon & Floyd get taken from them. Funny thing is, no other team had him that high. What we know?
RT : Stop into at 9pm to challenge during #trivia. $3 tall boys w/ a free shot!
I got bored so I copped some boat shoes. The Internet is dangerous.
RT : Senate begins health care debate today & we want to hear your comments!
rele?? Thts odd.. I dnt think tea is normally used to wake ppl up... Lol
hop on over to 's twitter to see a little preview. we did a lightly curled "undo" on our bride with a bright red lip - gorgeous!
#SomeWhereOutThere is a person like me who hasn't eaten McDonalds in 6 years. Cheers to you yo
prfct msg by today. we r told by God to share good news thru faith & DEEDS: do not be timid--witness bravely.
*he kisses you very passionately* You're the prettiest girl in the world.
Had a peek at the new Argyle dashboard this afternoon - very excited!
#kids iD Tech Summer Camps in Texas held at SMU, TCU, and More! at Southern Methodist University, Wed, May 16 9:00a: Love gaming,...
Crumbs in bed...wups...blodwyn Friday
What Mikael said! MT Thank YOU! & I had a fantastic time. This festival is by far my favorite.
thought on learning analytics: isn't it hypocritical to berate Google for using student data in G Apps and then higher ed (1/2)
Apparently not every celeb bought an invite to Clooney's bash.": Ha! Beach Boys' Bruce Johnston: Obama Is A Socialist "Asshole"
This is one of the few nights I wish I had a TV to watch #chopped All-Stars on Hope 's DVR comes through.
Game of Thrones. Aww yeah
RT : so, w/skeptical/difficult SMEs OR biz ldrs, connect with them to build trust - HELP them, you get what you give
My dad came home with ice cream but I couldn't eat it what is wrong with me
What do you think of the concept?
damn why does that always happen?
Catching up with the last podcast for w/ ... pokemon???
I bet you're looking for
just realized about the gluten free diet - check out 's New Grist. It's the best gluten free beer I've had.
During Mother's Day dinner, I noticed a server checking me out. I hope that the next time it happens, he'll be older than 17.
Down in the GI Lab alone..creepy..bet there are some angry spirits seekin revenge for gettin a camera put in their tooter..I'm out
let's hope they can rebound after this rough loss...in the meantime it's time for some
The only person I enjoy hugging is my husband... even my kids make me feel claustrophobic.
I wanna lay in her hair
my daughter graduates on Thursday from Ft Jackson US Army basic training.
Quo Bono? Someone's, perhaps everyone's, interests lie in not understanding each other. "II" can mean monetizing the 3rd world.
Waving with a sigh at 2011 as it starts to fade away...
I'm not worry about Rose , team play better with out him!!!
thnx for the mention and RT!
I noticed European guys(in the US) are a lot better at "chasing" girls. American guys wait for us to do it. Stop it, American girls!!
He deserves it! #JazzBars RT Our very own just announced as #ABQ's first #PoetLaureate!
Hell yes.Lesnar is back.this is to sweet.
One thing I've missed about Dallas is Whataburger
The DREAM Act has been part of the legislative agenda for over a decade
Twelve twelve <3 am
Creating a branded identity for a #Lacrosse team; got to instill mental fear into the competitors mind.
Attacked!! By a creature from the deep....bastard jellyfish..."Oh God, the humanity!"
I wonder if Newt has read Robert Heinlein's novel, "The Moon is a Harsh Mistress"?
The FLA Conference is just around the corner (April 18-20). What are you looking forward to most?
Yay! Tomorrow is the start of my writers' retreat! 3 days of ZERO interruptions!
Club Amnesia tonight for Tiesto then LIV!
Check out the latest fashions for a cause at Tri-City Hospital Foundation’s “Fashion that Heals” fashion show on July 19th...
Tommy Gugger is special - why? Hear why 646 652 2754 to listen and talk
haha #Angelsfamily is everywhere. It would be awesome if one of us won.
yes i do
Paul Revere was one of the first neighborhood watch members, he says.
Great start to the season
DRINKING ENOUGH WATER IN THE WINTER? It raises metabolism, increases energy, reduces appetite. Best drank cold/add lemons/splash of juice
How fast did you drive her?
I don't know if it's cause I'm used to seeing my nonexistent ass but Nicki Minaj's ass genuinely scares me
Thank you Nick! Best of luck! RT : Thx!! PackerNation for the love.
Ask your accountant about donation deductions. Or check out via Google. Good luck!
why not? I remember you being super smart and artistic!
I recently learned that Turkey is the name of a country (weird) and NOW I learn that it's a TERRORIST country. It's like UGH!
West Side apartment tower proposal sent to mayor - Baltimore Sun
that helps, thank you!
got your flu shot?
G5 high in 1.2 seconds on the way west LOS VAGAS to b exact NEED KUSH HOLLA a nikka will have the shakes early
Hahaa I told the lady at Victoria Secret I like so she went to the back and then One Thing came on :D lol
I love a good chat with my teenager. School. Ghosts. Drugs. Kidney stones vs child birth. Well rounded chatting. LOL
lol ima learn how to be a player like you bol You my new teacher
Wow! Thanks Kim Fields for a great day to sip tea with a purpose. We had a fabulous time wish you could have been there See you next year
Attention Austin liberals! Put down that latte. Looking for a paid internship? of Stanford Campaigns might be looking for you.
I can imagine lolololol
OH SHIT GOT A TWITTER.....FACEBOOK CAN FUCK MA BITCH.LOL
That was a fun game to watch, I think the mavs only missed 3 shots in the 1st
For every action, there is an equal and opposite criticism...
More #SNCA12 fun! talking about copyright and digitization of the Eugene Payne Collection of editorial drawings.
bye ppl gtg take a nap so tired been up since 4 am and its like 7 pm and so trierd need 2 gym 2morrow 2 wow so buzy diz week
RT people u guys have to admit that u guys havent seen a talented kid like
fina get this study guide out an start this gone be the hardest final but i know i can do it
Merry Christmas to all and to all a good night...
It's bad when a straight club has better music than a gay one...ridic!
I was thinking about drawing you and the guys and bring them to your concert w/ BTR on March 3!!
Our beer brunch is this Sunday from 11am-1pm! The folks from 103.7 will be there. Hope to see you, !
haha i just wanted to mess with you :)
Never give up... but there's 52 sec left and #CLIPPERS are down 5 with only 1 timeout remaining.
Just ordered your book. Perfect timing for my team & our business!
it's really just pubes.
Like tossing a match on a kerosene soaked barbeque - starting a war.
Why can't Outlook be more like Gmail?
:) what all did you do?
Of course that will change when O finally has one opponent and the campaign really begins.
my goal is words with friends is not to win. Rather I want the most inane, low scoring words possible
#askcig so #Stik is really geared to the individual FB user that wants reputable references, right?
All these positive changes going on... I love it.
why i dont got head lice xD
heard you went home sick. feel better bro
The preview of Turn To You is amazing like omg <3
Just bc they make it in that size don't mean YOU can wear it
this always makes my day
yep... do tell!
eatting some hot pockets aha
There's a good reason the SPICY in the spicy turkey avocado sub is emphasized on the menu.
Short week in #charmcity...heading to #combine on Thurs
On the way to hear #ofmontreal and #deerhoof at the wiltern. Unbelievably stoked to for both. Hoping to hear some "Friend Opportunity!"
BTW, how did you get your Klout score so damn high?
How many times do we need to type #levilowrey to get #levilowrey trending?! Sheesh. People are getting sleepy over here but I <3
you're a loser.
Amy Winehouse RIP thoughts and prayers to her family but let's stop the comparisons to Joplin, Hendrix, Cobain et al.
Who can braid the dreds up for me real Quick???
#Nats take the lead in the National League w/ a 13-4 record!! Lovin' it!
Just got done pretending to work out who says eating lascala salad is not a work out its a lot of work to move my fork to my mouth
ATL Love is great! Who was the DJ I wonder?
club YOLO must have been too much fun for you to handle
**3pm** Arsenal vs Newcastle United **3pm** Monday March 12
Now soliciting restaurant and winery recommendations for Melbourne and the surrounding region. Whatcha got?
Also, should I buy Japanese rubber stamps shaped like little cameras?
So my sister was saying how One Direction is cute and love them , so i scream "DIRECTIONATOR" ! she replys "NO IM A DIRECTIONIZER" lol k.
Thx Hope you enjoyed dinner and the show.
Great work ! RT: October is National Breast Cancer PREVENTION month. Get active + educate urself on early detection. Always celebrat...
Of course amidst the back pain, this is the week my building's elevator is out of service for repairs. I live on the 5th floor. Do the math.
Meditation awakens those in the waking slumber, then enlivens those who awaken!
aw, i love you :3
DEF! Like the posts and Insight!
#OkUPrettyBut you look just like my previous girlfriend ====> NEXT!!
Anyone use the blackmagic cinema camera?
coming off a youtube binge...3 hrs and tons of meaningless brain numbing videos....
Former #msf worker in Afghanistan asks why Taliban have attacked aid workers when they didn't do so before war on terror.
For organizations and employees alike, the only real security is the ability to grow, change and adapt. ~Kearney
In Federal Hill trying to lock down a few more accounts.
Yes, my Spanish grade is up!
omg i love you<333 ur the best singer ever!<3
talk to ya in 2 weeks. :)
this court show thingy..? Lol there is like nothing on, I'm about to watch sesame street :)
yea bro I got mad hats lol just give it to me whenever you remember
Even if I do still don't make it sexy LOL": nah no drinks for me. I know u got one somewhere....."
Oh course I can't find the shirt I want to wear.
Please tell me someone has already pointed out the typo! "Most events will include ON of the following: a live interview..."
I know they have a Pac holagram. We need a holagram for Screw,Moe,Big Steve,Hawk,P.A.T,AND PIMP.
Ok, Twitter is way too addicting... haha #offlineforreal.. it think O.o
Ernie Halter song of the day is "Love In LA". Blasted it early this morning in the car. #oops!
$10 for a freakin water slide at a hotel!
i thought lunch ?
Let's go #Rockets!!!
And which zombie myth has returned from the dead?
sure I'll help you trend #MOMS4BIEBER but Im not a mom yet lol.
Another nice day that I'm gunna be stuck at work.
hm...should I take the job offer and miss out on my family and friends? I'll have money but I'll be far from them...
I love that Malibu country is already getting great reviews just from the trailer clip,can u imagine when it's actually aired?? XOXOXO
archery day was super, I want to sleep now.
Looking for 1 bedroom apartments in or around Santa Monica, CA. If anyone has some great resources I could use them!!
I bet you'll never see this tweet, so you'll also never know how much I love you. Happy Mothers Day xoxo
I am proud to be God's child... Thank you Jesus
Hangover city bitch, hang-over city bitch
I love your twit-thousiasm!
So happy i could die
RIP Levon Helm
Columbia was fun last night. Thanks to Bart bean, sunshine mamas, blue fugue, josh bishop, Jason, Morgan, and everyone who came out!
Chillin with Shaun White and Tony Hawk in BH. It's times like this I wish I could have at least SOME skating skills.
We are now on a winding dirt road in rural north Carolina for 's graduation party. Why do I hear banjo music in my head?
No sleep last night, grinding it out #whenwillitend #poker #CantBeatLuck #HEADSUPFORROLLZ #
Tonight we're at Southern Exposure in Columbia, SC. 'Pre-premiering' new piece by !
March already came and went in case you didn't remember. 2012 National Champs.
Time flys when you're working the raquet ball courts, it just flies really really slowly
sure, followed! Now follow back:)
so that means that you and want to see me?(;
I need more followers
#mywordoftheday listen // clients, friends, family, pets, news, followers, your parents = good listening will give you an edge
we would love too! Something like Relay is something we would do FOC but because we're a startup we don't have Capital...
life doesnt hurt until,uve had time to think about how things have changed,who youve lost along the way,and how much of it was your fault:I
Don't miss tonight's show: Open Minded Mic and An Alternative to the Alternative.
Good luck with the launch of PINK! Wondering if it helps strengthen shoulders? I've popped mine out more than once. Ouch.
52 days until our hospitality suite will open for our 50th appearance at the Final Five. Go Jollymen !!
Monday Karaoke returns to Downtown Milwaukee tonight at Rustys old 50 (730 n old world 3rd st) hosted by Robby Pinstripes
First time this has happened to me. I am usually a big Chrome booster, too!
oh, look! today's labor day. wow, i didn't even realize that.
Ah! Here we go. Giving people recognizable funny hats that beg to be shared on social media is a great idea
Gregory Crane from Tufts at Chicago AHA doing v sophisticated work mining huge bodies of Latin and Greek texts.
The new/very old hymn is now available for your viewing and listening pleasure on fb or ahymnaweek.com
Man oh man where did this year go?
Thanks for coming by! What torta was your favorite?
Did you know? Former President Sefako Makgatho, outlined the #African agenda of the #ANC as early as 1919!
how r u lil one?
Congrats to Dean Pees on becoming the Ravens new Defensive Coordinator. Also congrats on becoming a head coach in a few years thanks to Ray.
Happy Friday. Join us for Todays lineup for #NCAA #MarchMadness is awesome! Games start at 7:15pm then late night Sounds by
I LOVE BINGE eating!! At night! When I'm starving!!!!
Jim, will you be on the channel 6 float today?
The "experience" has only caused me to feel devalued.
AH YEEEAAAHHH! Thanks guys! We'll post this on our blog manana!
GOODIE MOB performs on "The Voice" tonight!!... Where it all began for Cee-Lo Green - when ATL hip hop was real in the ATL
RT : People connect with people, says - Anyway you can connect human-to-human is good for #video :D
Um.. thats a good question. probably not as long as it seems like
Sad because you dont notice my existence:( i love you<3<3<3
Home after a great 3 days at mom's. It was good to see everyone, but it was also good to get home and curl up with my baby and the dog.
Just tapped, Brewing Imperial IPA (replaces Brewing Bigfoot Barley Wine Ale)
that used to be my type though at 0_o...thank you Lord for stoopinngg that traiinnn
Is it time for Happy Hour yet? I hear a Tripel Karmeliet calling my name...
#REMIX Midnight Conspiracy has definitely been moving up quickly in the Dubstep world. They just got signed by AM Only, which is a New-Yo
my firm has give time&treasure over the past 20 years to the SD R-Party.No longer.Tired of their games and divisive leadership.
There comes a point when you do have to ask if the extent to which their data are outliers is skewing the overall trends.
To my amazing sister love you so much
Sounds like the #fbi found another gullible person to entrap into committing a faux-terror attack funded and planned by agents.
Theres way more ppl that want it than have it
also, i have not watched any of these shows.
I never really know A killer from a savior 'Til I break at the bend
I have some from Sam's Club. It's from the makers of MuscleMilk, but I got it for health reasons, not for working out.
Hello! ArtBarcs is dedicated to identifying & connecting the most innovative artists w a global community of art lovers & buyers!
YES, I AM! RT #JustForToday I AM Connected at all times to Source Energy of Love.
A little game of Bowling @ red rock! Woohoo!
i dont understand y ppl always so damn depressed on fb like wtf! bitches need icecream mint chocolate chip icecream!!
lookin at this preg-O she gettin bigger blood
Driving me crazy not being able to talk to Jamie. Please pray for him, his crew, and all those in West Liberty who were effected yesterday.
all I know about him is the Monroe Doctrine. And he had an estate in VA, though I get confused which is his & which is Madison's.
Good luck in your new digs! You might see our #ROC startup out that way later this year so keep your eyes peeled!
: We are rocking out TONIGHT!!!!
Finished the "Call Me Maybe" cover and it is awesome. I'll post in 2 weeks. Since the WMYB cover is still getting so major buzz.
Idr that show ):
babe...I love it!! SWV are back folks!!..Got my copy!!
Dance, dance . Then hopefully gettin to see my boy :)
Anyone ever get their wisdom toofs pulled out?
pillow case making might pay more. Haha
Ok coffee...things are looking up! On to Little Rock. Hope the and roadtrip is going good.
Kitty ripped key off of laptop. I was able to repair it. I feel useful now. SKILLZ!
Love in the time of Allergies
RT : TURQUOISE BITS AND BAUBLES: I've grown up with a mother whose jewelry box was always filled with turquoise baubl......
1/2 Marahon in October...decided to go for it.
Trying out Qik on my iphone!
Too close to speakers it looks like
If u in or going to Austin for #RelayWeekend RT!!!!!
will do.
lifting class
I feel like I have to go hunting for my dinner.
If #Grammys is German for #TheWalkingDead then yes, that is what I'm watching tonight.
Following the drumbeat of the Self isn't easy. Practicing asking my mind to follow & serve, rather than race worriedly ahead.
What's up guys. Need last minute plans for nye. Still have a few tix for Derby, Irish Oak, and Jacks. DM me for discounts
You forgot to mention that Panetta made the troops disarm before the speech!
I get that otherwise tho seems silly, i tip cleaning people often n casinos they don't get it much but should they get 4gotten
bahaha I'm not hyper tonight
Need to take risk in order to grow. Beth Comstock. %
ALL HILL NIGGAS IS BLACK AS HELL !!! ONLY LIGHTSKIN NIGGA I KNO IS WU TANG
No, it's BS because everyone watches a movie about something that's been happening for years and now thinks they can stop it.
Thinking about anklets and you made me buy a ticket to Chicago finally. Pick me up at 1:30 on the 17th at ORD por favor. xo
abdo drives one
oh new grad student chatter
up late, watching reruns...
Teaching my favorite course at #CanSecWest. Awesome class learning interesting things about reporting and analysis.
More than we should.
Check out this man named Lindsey Williams. The plan for the dollar. By 2011 our dollar will hold no weight in the world. People that no ...
Happy Monday Fuji tweeps!
thank you pumpkin! We're so celebrating this weekend! :)
Hopefully Mb Is #1 On The Countdown Today !
Nope. I missed it due to excessive napping. I'm not happy!
There's a 4/20 tea party in the quad... this guys is literally wearing a top hat
lol Well said and let's not forget according to them they're the oppressed ones
A friend told me this today and I'm keeping it in mind. "Challenges can stop you, or they can make you unstoppable. The choice is yours!"
i'm like a walking bank.
IS THE MOST AMAZING PERSON EVER!<U+2764> HE IS AN INSPIRATION FOR ME! :) I LOVE HIM SO MUCH! FOLLOW HIM!
Standing room only; hundreds if not thousands ouside gate unable 2 enter
Formal starts at 7pm! Enter through the main door on the west side of the stadium & you will be directed to the proper room! See ya there!!!
Home from gym now time to make dinner. Grilled Chicken Breast over romaine w/feta, tomato, red onion & Greek Vinaigrette & smoothie.
Hanging out with the biggest dork I know, Whatever, he's okay I guess....
RT : I'm excited to announce to everyone today that is back!
Achieving success really depends on how you define it.
I'll be in Scottsdale tonight! Looks like the weather is scorching hot. Can't wait.
Durant with a prayer.
Just saw Reanimator the Musical last night and I kind of want to see it again already. Was so much fun.
I often find the articles in Information Technology and Libraries to be interesting and useful, I just wish they had tl;dr sections.
Have a great session, my friend.
i know right? I think it's impossible, cause they're so AMZAING! :D
Praying God's favor over you tonight
Good point. Or know thyself (read: just drink vodka instead).
God morning :-)
...and go on to Season 2. It's a more assured, better-told show, w/ a more consistently strong cast, by then.
I dont think its a banner year for the Lakers
Does Jackson Health Systems layoff announcement change the outlook for #healthcare and #research in #Miami?
WHY aren't there any Woody Guthrie or Townes Van Zandt movies streaming on Netflix?
I'd kill myself but that's been done. Instead I'll bitch about my life.
ahaha its true though. how aree you?
keep grinding boy
I WANNA BE YOUR BOYFRIEND ALANNAH !
Realizing my instincts are good. My senses are keen and my bullshit detector is on full time...
Did I see UW-Fox Valley was named Coach of the Year for the 3rd straight year? 70-10 record last 3 years...
right back at ya, Robyn!
NEVER!<U+2764> I'll miss you! (:
Find the ways to distribute what you produce
I don't understand why I am at home alone right now? Like, where is everyone?
Shows starts soon... We're playing 4th. One block north of ainsworth on 22nd ave. (like 4 blocks north of killingsworth). 2211 NE Holman
man this sucks *sadface
Let's go Caps!
if he followed me ide eat subway for ever pkay basketball everyday have a bag full of skittles and scream hehe<U+2665>
Never mind me, it is showing up now... thanks for sharing.
I'm glad u know we're wild & I bet that's one of the reasons y u love us haha
I'm looking forward to this!
come join us for happy hr & live tunes from !!!
Has finally finished Alexi Laihos Newest Rock House DVD Titled In Your Face Guitar! Now to work on Rock House Course Book and Master Classes
full metal joustingg....This showw is entertaining ,(:
My head says "Who cares?" But then my heart whispers, "You do, stupid."
that irritates me so much!
Hey, this is Australian Rules Football season. When are you going to cover that?
“: How does my own tour bus forget I'm not on the bus and leave me. What a terrible way to wake up.” that's horrible!
Wayne turner?
Thank you for the mentions and the help! Appreciate it!
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN SO MUCH I LOVE YOU!!!:D
Finally Iguodala drives it, please no more Lou Williams threes
Not quesioning it, but I'd be interested in seeing a cost analysis on that. Cause that's just the kind of dork I am.
part 6 is up! ull really like this part!
I imagine the Overstreet family breaking into song like the Von Trapps because they're so talented. (cc: )
Good afternoon everyone over here at is having a great day!! The weather is beautiful today isn't it?
I am so going to as many games at Staples to watch my Canucks beat the Kings! First round baby!!!
Hall & Oats just said bitch us your blood boiling and are your fake boobs gonna explode?
I'm watching the movie ORPHAN
Context might be important for the situation...
check dm bro
You are in my thoughts.
Travel & change of place impart new vigor to the mind. Seneca / Enjoy other cultures, see creation, & realize that generosity matters!
its on fag ! I'm moving so if i beat your shit and look like an asshole oh well !!
full band practice tonight.. can't wAit to play some shows!!
Did you know that embedded in the Baskin Robbins logo is the number 31? The number represents how many flavors they have!...
There are some scary people working at the chilis in the west palm beach airport....
Cayenne gargle not working for you?
If Utah loses both the Suns are in without needing to beat San Antonio.
Hanging with my friend
she fits in his universe because they are married!!!
I wanna adopt another dog so bad..
Glad they both have a job though...elsewhere!
The cat left a poop on my sketchbook.
Pres. Obama: In pursuit of a durable peace, America has no designs beyond an end to al Qaeda safe-havens
Saw your "Improving Patient Safety..." & "Clinical Trial Education...Simulation" & "What is an Oncology CNS..." abstracts
Diligence is the mother of good fortune
Monday's Stoop Show
seriously.....scalbrine has a shirt. Amazing.
That's a wrap for Supremacy. On to some fun and the next adventure.
There aren't many things in life better than a pack of fresh Oreos.
...people don't care about "too soon." Waiting for mean comments about Whitney to start rolling in...
Thanks! Good to meet you too, best wishes with SECRETS
Check out SOM announcements page for the complete listing of Professional Enrichment Seminars!
that looks like fun, but the real best party in #solar is the Milwaukee Solar Tailgate we do here! ;)
thats cause youre a pisces. we feed off of love. we live for it
I graduated early girl! But school was great when I was there :) I'm taking the semester off! wby? did you start college ?
# wov12 kara swisher says new pixar film will be better regarding portrayal of women
Good afternoon. Awesome so far!
PACERS!! HELLS YES!! Now we play game 3 in #Indy. Let's go baby. We need ALL of #indy representing on Thursday!!
“: Glitter isn't allowed at my apt. I hate that crap. Sorry.” Shouldn't be a problem unless you're dating strippers.
Can't wait for my franks to get here!
It's been a great day at the Eiteljorg Museum! Super excited to celebrate at the Contemporary Arts Party!
With 28 advertisers dropping Rush Limbaugh as of today, there will soon be none left to boycott.
oh.. That's, cool (: haha
Just too cold smh
I would feel really creepy if you actually were. (:
Everybody knows Im not a morning person , while you trynna get on my bad side this morning. I dont know
Who has tried the Green Chile Bacon Cheeseburger pizza?
definitely right
Regionally, I can't get behind this Final Four. Do over, please.
We are back at it, looking for web and mobile application developers - FT/PT/Subs, iOs experience required. #mlearning,
To think it's been a year and change since we played our first show
When boys get jealous it's kinda cute. But when girls get jealous.. it's world war I
Two days ago it was 40 and ice-like pellets were raining from the sky. Today? 80.
#CNNDebate: #Romney says #veteran benefits should be provided at state level? They serve the Nation, not the state.
lol ha funny
Apparently DMCA's long arm also keeps you from hacking your computer.
Tasting the 2010 and 2011 Barrel Aged Brrrbon with Brewer at Alchemy Project event ^aef
J. Carl Cook~ Minor surgery is surgery someone else is having.
luxurys car looks much nicer stock than "hooked up"....
I love being your little corn puff...best new term of endearment ever.
I'm just trying to stay calm and prep for my gig tonight, but every time I think about I just get pissed.
- on that note, challenge via is coming your way
Let's beat calipari for a second time boys
thank you darling (;
Don't try to hit #runners with you car. It pisses us off.
that show was epic & hilarious.
Admit to faculty that you are human to reduce intimidation.
Happy Birthday!! <3 my love for you!! You were born this way and have changed the whole world.
First #DonCornelius, now #DickClark. 2012 is a bad year for TV dance show hosts.
my name is in san Antonio tx w chop shop radio.I hope I can get 10min interview w u on the phone.let me know
ugh now THAT would be p o y f e c t t. sigh.
IF I had a chance to meet the i would make sure they will always remember me lol
It's the start of a brand new week! Make it a great one for your health!
I hate when people say they hate americal, its like
u sent me a dm and i am so cofused.
I'm so tired of see our men not going to school women out number us and they r becoming bosses while men r stuck in dead end jobs n drugs
me and my aunt is going to do the black friday shopping at mid night lol
I especially loved the confident young women - future leaders for sure - w trees representing fed/state gvts
lol I can be bad but im perfectly good at it!
good morning jeremy
thanks for the mention!
he's an idiot. And I just woke up so I'm not gonna make it today.
Those type of beats that you can listen to them forever and never get bored >
All I want is you babe.
Have fun! RT: En Route to Portland to see what the "cool kids" are up to. Only benefit to travelling w/
another picture war...?
You're really forced to reevaluate things when going to the bathroom and showering by yourself is a major accomplishment!
oh that sucks i thought u wer gunna delete i was gunna be like wtf no why?!?!? Lol
Also: records mgmt may be the dark side, but being a records analyst, not so. I miss the University Archives terribly, but my new job rules.
I have not seen you in FOREVER!! Hope you are well!! I would love to catch up!!!
Are ratings agencies using global debt crises to boost their reps? Roger Kirby of Kirby McInerney to discuss live on Bloomberg in 5 mins
Say it IS so, Braunie!
Great season, Bucky!
Kid in my class just got busted with that loud. Lmaooo.
Woke up early as fuck now I cant go back to sleep..
"When you do the common things in life in an uncommon way, you will command the attention of the world." - George Washington Carver
This Frosty hit the spot!
'Keep it open!' me to
Love is a fruit in season at all times, and within reach of every hand.-Mother Teresa
that was a great show. Thanks for the pic afterwords. You and the crew are some humble funny ass dudes. Great night.
Why are you still sending naked pictures to people?
page 6. My bad. Not sure how I will sleep tonight.
": hey my friend, Where R U, France or states ?" <--- I live in Los Angeles
Oh thieves, you will get yours
Ugh. So much clutter!! I want a studio. :c
yes ma'am it sure was!(:
Time for a lil mooy ty and some baxing. Yes, its early but its the life I chose.
Enjoying gorgeous weather and a nice little Saturday! Hope everyone is doing the same--who are you routing for this weekend?
“: Broncos meet with Center Jeff Saturday but no deal yet. Former CSU TE Joel Dreesen visits today.”
phoo. Tell that to Napoli & UEFA; even Mourhino admits it. That he's a superb player who also looks like a king makes it worse.
the worst is over ...but you already know we #Goodfellas ova here
It's summer in winter!
yup ur qb is gonna be amazing training under manning!
DONT SPAM US OR TWEET US MUSIC!!! AT AL
please follow back sexy
on my ipod! love music! <3
Spent two hours today with Riley, my SPCA project dog. Know someone who wants to adopt 80+ lbs. of awesome bulldog, with sep anxiety? Tweet!
Thanks for tip, will have to see if any of my stores carry. Have ant prob every summer, won't use chemicals around my cats.
Time for a nice hot shower to warm me up. I'm freeeeezzzziiinnnggg in here! lol
awesome crowd! Thanks for inviting me to speak at this event!
huge car fire on the 405 north if you haven't gotten there yet.
Space tourism? Really? It's a niche market with a few wealthy customers hoping their ride doesn't blow up as it screeches towards sub-orbit
Currently abusing the shit out of grey's anatomy lol
Listening to at
first vlog is now uploaded check it out
#Thank you all for the #follow... keep #following and also stay updated via www.akwasifrimpong.com
It wasn't tonight! Bo
Hello Everyone.. testing testing 123
I do not like c/o 2015
Who says you can't teach an old cat new tricks: it's amazing how quickly kitty acquires a new way to subordinate me.
Lots recos for Skillet. But only had the food snob response :)
Get out and enjoy this amazing weather! We've got live music at 5 with Kyle Giauque:)
yes please! I miss you miss thang.
": be yourself around me"
eeeep! I have a new kitten and shit, its cute AF
netflix is amazing
I traded in my Blackberry for my new Droid 4
Damn i finally slept in for a change lol...goodmorning!
and if justin goes and performs on aw he'll flirt
damn you got swag! Fresh
thanks man! Well look into it! plan on us staying with you!!!
...a too-large woman in T-shirt & jeans w/ short-cropped graying blonde hair & Ray-Bans ...Due to my age-forty-five this year...
Idea for a new sport: Jetski Paintball Tag. Tell me who wouldn't play that with me.
Corn on the Cob with Mayo, Lime, and Chile Powder: Basically Mexican Style and it doesn't get any better than that ;]
#LiesGirlsTellForAttention "I'm Fat." "I'm ugly."
Stopped by here to say hi and have a wonderful day. take care
Invitation to provide evidence searching and appraisal services to support ESA review on safe procedural sedation and a
Blake had to shoot that..yall cant be mad at him #Laker fans..he get paid to shoot
Hint For Finding A Vet For Your Canine « In Service International
Band of your future: www.leatherfeather.net
oh I always put off novel revisions till the end! :)
he said "yeah. Why?"
i love how corny can be. he makes me laugh all the time(: i wish he would notice me just once <33
My eyebrows are starting to look like caterpillars.
just a friendly reminder....
Thanks for the follows! and and and and and ! Have a great day!
the niggas that hate cause they aint doing shit with there life <<
My bf and I bought some solar powered Christmas lights! Better for the planet, save on electricity, and they are so cute!
Need sleep O.o
add me stream account on xbl. Beatdown stream
Interesting findings from NEEAR user studies: #AR users showed more curiosity & more engagement with real world.
Flip Cup or Beer Pong?? Which is your fav?
What Washington needs is adult supervision. ~ Barack Obama
Yeah, consumer satisfication feels too good; they know the secrets, rise in the tax dollar streets!
I'm eating an apple
Thanks for the follow. Look forward in seeing you and others at on May 17.
Shocked and dismayed to see how many ferrets need adoption. People should research before ggeting a pet. Ferrets aren't as cuddly.
An old west train robbery tonight.
you mean his entire administration or Just the President?
Will you be at #ibs2012? What are you excited to see? Hope to see you there...
Lets here it whod excited about sunday fun day?? If thats you Come join us for prime rib and $5 moo ritas.... and our wonderful staff....
Mobile / iPhone. I know, Android is up and coming now ;)
i cant wait to watch the reuion of bbw this sunday and monday dont miss it
All day! RT : Who wants to see a hilarious blog site for done by your boy? RT if u feel it!
I will not be there to visually support the #Lakers today, but my <3 is in the staple center, sitting next 2 Jack. #NBAPlayoffs Go
What the fuck .. Is going on my my parents room.. I keep hereing screams..
If you. Knew that I.need you.why.would u.just up and leave
Right on!
RT : Be Remarkable! Be Re-Tweetable! -
Love Pittsburgh, but not the steelers.
*Hides razor* Yeah... that's a creepy thought. *whistle innocently*
We've conceded April/May. Entirely! RT : It's always a good game when is quite about his stinkin' bosox
The life i live is the life i live and i'm love-in with the life i live
Look upon my Planet Sub, ye mighty, and despair.
Looking connect the dots with more musicians - USA Musicians Network on www.USAMusician.net - The possibilities are endless - 703-722-6012
COME TO THE SHOW ON WEDNESDAY!!!
Mary poppin in band :D woo
Sometimes I follow a Twitter elite, even though they only follow themselves.
Very true, very true. I suppose I only recognize it with 'the' attached!
how can ppl be so disgusting without feeling any remorse what so ever. I hope what you bring upon ppl is brought upon yourself
omfg i love aiden so much
You're a nut! You crack me up, go figure..
There is nothing so easy but that it becomes difficult when you do it reluctantly -Publius Terentius Afer
Why does spring break have to be in the coldest week
Man. If Young woulda hit that one...
Going out tonight on zero hours of sleep. I am officially insane.
RT : Attention Scrabblers: a TOON is a large australian/ Indian tree of the mahogany family. (#challengefail)
you said cod or porn right?
If you had talent, you wouldn't need luck.
Good morning :)
Laws of physics are the laws of life. Good quote to really think about.
Down by the bay where the watermelons grow.
Looking forward to your updates
GMAT studying to the sounds of Tony Bennett, my favorite Italian-American. Happy Columbus Day!
Haha, now why would you think that? (:
oh so you've been to Mexico? Lol
Sleep? Whats that? Lol ": No sleep comes to a hard worker"
It could not have been set up any better!
can you give us another spoiler to the finale? please!
MKE's United Performing Arts Fund is the largest single funder to each of its 15 Member Groups. Thanks for supporting the arts!
its only after 10 out west.
Black on the rocks...
the beast was definitely a lion bear lol
listen here lil bitch you would cry for months if i choked so dont play like that.
#Frustrated about the #IU-#UK series news. At least for now, chalk this up as a loss for college basketball fans.
Book A Star for Your Next Event. Send Offer or Price List Request to DNS AGENCY For All Your Booking Needs******
Thank you for follow. ~Mark
Thanks for the rts!
I have met Vic. He was on my podcast :)
When i see big girls wearing tiny shorts and they have cottage cheese legs <<<< #poorthings :/
"I'll trade you a hologram Tupac for your first edition holographic Charizard." --
150+ White T-Shirts with a standard size print up to 3 colors in one location for $4.00 per unit. Free Delivery.
Shout out at the burgess mtg from pres campbell to the "very young man" spearheading social media- go you, whoever u r!
Ok, its official!! Check out my new website www.tamikaparrish.com and my blog. Let me know what cha think!!
Yo, they never ask for a Lawyer...smh...
I need to learn Spanish
The Elias Sports Bureau just announced that Tim Tebow will have his stats kept by a chimp. Who has been taught to count all the way to 9.
Hi Meg! How are you?
God give me strength to become a better person !
You are the iPad wonder! Many thanks.
Great bumping into and sharing conversation last night. And thanks for the milk shake!
I gotta talk to her
The response is overwhelming for Build Day and we thank every last one of you for your support. Appreciate the loves folks!!!!!
Grooving to . Just realized they aren't "the meerkats."
gonna need backstory on new avi
Di buddy track nice!!!!
Amy set me up on a tragic date last spring & never bothered to follow-up. I would <3 to Guest Star & stir up some drama!
I hear you can drown in less than that.
Breaking: #Blago sentenced to 14 years. Did you expect longer or shorter? Follow 4 updates!
SCHS girls dance team wins National Ameridance Championship
Be #thankful for real-life #guardianangels for it is their good works that are often unseen.
I followed her plzz can i win
RT : “Nothing in this world is harder than speaking the truth, nothing easier than flattery.”-Fyodor Dostoyevsky
A relationship is nothing without a friendship
at My Creative Dept planning TriStyle Girls Magic!!!
I love Rubicon! I missed the past two episodes. Plan on watching them on-demand this week :)
Most welcome!
i miss you too :) what're you doing Saturday?!
Appreciate the kind follow. Would you be open to connecting about a wellness business? I've loved the experience. Thanks!
So excited for SNL I can't control myself.
Ugh, JavaScript. Why do you hate me?
Friday flashback jam: The Mighty Lemon Drops - "Inside Out"
It appears to be Adam Ross,
I'd love that! I'll be there Friday, but only for a few hours on my way to OU. Also the first weekend in June.
drinking leftover beer =)
Tracy Morgan is a funny as Steve Harvey
I nearly sprayed my monitors with a mouthful of coffee re: that last tweet. Good one.
I think all of the finalists on #thevoice are talented, but I'm rooting for to win!
That's what I was thinking!!!!
We answered and offered to meet in person as your convenience. When you have time, please let us know. Thanks for following!
Shoutout to or their username being so awesomee! go follow them if you like the wanted!
I am almost there cone now
I really need to start going out besides just getting drinks after work.. I see so many people that have been missing because i'm a grandma
Whether you like wine, beer, food truck treats, clothes, jewelry or people-watching, come to 57 Degrees tonight! 1735 Hancock, San Diego
use my pic for your next cover
I Followed Her Already!(:
Whoa with a rare tweet
Baby Girl Dont You Ever Get To Comfortable!
Have a great time in Sonoma!! I expect you both to come back wine snobs!!!
Saddened by yesterdays passing of #JohnArnold former CEO of food bank in Comstock park MI. Tremendous innovator and food bank mentor. RIP.
Aaannnnndd Cut! I'm out! See you all later.
Yeah! In my seat waiting 4 Goerne and Andsnes to take the stage at Carnegie Hall for Mahler and Shostakovich.
Next Year UConn...Go Mets?
Tomorrow modeling for nelly :-)
In just about 24hrs The Rob Michaels Band will be rockin' the .... will you be there??? It's a guaranteed amazing time!
Upset Central today! I love
I'm pretty sure word games are my only skill and I will never make a career out of it
hopefully we are coming to your city soon, follow us!
PC or Mac? Sorry, random question
RT RT : On the train to Baltimore!! Welcome to Charm City, you already look like a Raven! Good things ahead...
know anyone on the board who could bring this up?!
“ God will never take away something without giving something better in its place.”
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 42
what happened to us? </3
- if I ever have kids, we're watching adventure shows like Duck Tales and Phineas and Ferb.
Who is that? lol
The New York Rangers defeat the Washington Capitals in Game 7, 2-1, to reach the Eastern Conference Finals.
Congrats to of & of Two GIANT talents! I can personally vouch.
Shane battier 2 the miami heat, stackd up like ihops pancakes, that defense is some real fire now.
Did you know? Cedarwood is famous for its scalp and hair care. It has the ability to normalize both oily and dry skin and hair.
Enjoyed seeing some old colleagues from NE at and met some nice people too.
I hold the door until I see the hypocycloids on your Steelers hat.
Tonight is going to be Epic. The #Arcade Fire at the BofA Pavilion
bout to snuggle up in my comfy bed w/ all these pillows & blankets <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><U+270C>nightttty night
awesome! Don't forget to invite some friends :)
Baseball players contracts should be null and void if they test positive. Manny Ramirez and A Rod will be billionaires off of takinig drugs
“: Real friends don't get offended when you insult them. They smile and call you something even more offensive.” <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
Thanks! That article must have come out a few years back though.
English studies complete!!!! Bio time :P
Dear freshman kid with a raging boner about getting into a frat.
The basic fact about human existence isnt that it is a tragedy but that it is a bore It is not so much a war as an endless standing in line
As a packer fan, I hope more Republicans like can talk some sense into other legislators who are opposed to the Vikes stadium
ppl that tweet faster then they reply to text >.<
thanks so much...glad to be a part of the great things God is doing in the world through others.
aw, that's so cute, missing you too bestie :(
whats up man, ready for big blue weekend?
great summer plans for the studio - come and sing!
Great article today Nicole!
Five Guys fries are hand cut and fried in peanut oil. They give you a ton for your money.
We're an awesome tee shirt empire. Don't let the "tees" part fool you.
": is beautiful tonight!"
The term "6:35 Train to Hicksville" is Swedish for "Assholes to the town Billy Joel's from"
It's just a fad. It will go away. Just like MySpace did.
i be Killing my lil bro Powerpoints... ok to sleep i go now... hope he happy
At the studio gettin it in almost about to wrap it up tho but come check me out!!
OMG PLEASE?
yay, thx! We so appreciate all the work that goes into it
If you're thinking of dumbing down for a guy, it's too late. You're already stupid for thinking about doing it to begin with HOE
I hope one day I get famous enough to be stalked by a sexual deviant. A girl can dream.
Got my new Husker Yoga Pants!
you're pretty awesome too chica
I'm from bmore. You?
I have a car wash to be at in half and hour and i'm still in bed . -_- What's wrong with me .
yeah won a dollar on the prize wheel man this rocks!
BBQ Shop
New shirts just arrived. Patiently waiting for the CD's so I can send out all of these preorder packages!
Welcome to DC!! When will we meet!! We have tons to discuss everything BUT politics! Plus I wanna hear your accent:)
Thanks for following me back. I love your covers and wish I could visit Norway. Such a beautiful country.
10 Ways Your Small Business Is Being Ripped Off 10 Ways Your Small Business Is Being Ripped Off Giving Rip-Offs the Kiss-Off Shady credit
Document every tweet, etc and do crisis post-mortem: Where/when did comments start? Were employees ready? Who defended you?
like sauce on these ribs n hot link sammiches?
Happy easter everybody :)
I'll be watching! (as always). Go RANGERS!
calling someone a crack whore is far worse than dumbf**k, there's no proof that shes a crack whore, sounds like defamation
Looking for jewelry designers interested in upcoming photo shoot! DM me for more information. -Merci
For a girl who hasn't done laundry or packed and is leaving first thing in the morning- I'm not making good decisions. Let #sxsw begin!
ME 2!!!!!!": I really dislike working on the first of the month..."
That was so good!
Thin-skinned.
Starting tomorrow Neil Jordan's 'The Crying Game.' Come see the film that had everyone talking nearly 20 years ago.
he asked me why I was looking him in the eyes lmao
#hogab hurry, oh God, a bat
Okay, but still its CJs mommas b-day (per JD) & all & yet u cause him to GIDP?!? U gotta lotta makin' up there... Just sayin'...
BIG SHOW VS. KANE
it didn't hurt. Cause the lakers got blowd the fuck out!
": So happy right now with my he is the best <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>"aw... So sweet!
Go rye rye!
Im confused. was that a real dog?
Just ran 2 n a half miles pheww. 2 m a hald more to go
what about 'microblogger'?
Aw ok ..glad u like the pic
Finally on this twitter ishhhh. This should be a fun way to waste more time... do i gotta hash tag now? lol follow me if you want!
RT Hall of Famer Dolph Schayes in the house today too. Remains all-time best Dolph. Sorry, Lundgren.
lol oh so you're un Iphone bully huh
it won't be the same!
RT : Life's too easy to be so damn complicated. -Zac Brown Band
we've limited the Nov.18 #lrncampphx tickets for this event at 200. Goal is to sell out w/a waiting list. :)
Yes! Tell us how our skin can look as good as yours!! :)
I have 9 done
thanks! Weather is so nice
getting ready to go to Santa Fe to go and look around. Really excited. And just got finished feeding my uncles cow watermelon.
Absolutely correct Doug!
Where r u?
Videos also increase views on Press Releases
Hate ppl that walk around with they eye brows up like df yu surprised for
I HATE CONDOMS”
Follow me
RFT “: seriously if you dont like A$AP go home !”
I finally got caught up on all 49 shows! I started listening when ep. 33 first posted. Thanks for doing what you do.
Please let me win this lottery I will have no more complaints ever.
yummy!! Glad you're feeling better babe! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B1>
;). Although I never claim cheating...just mass conspiracy.
Maybe I'll become a porn star
Thank you too ! cheers for follow :-)
I'm back in town. Let's grab a beer and talk guitars!
nothing, what's up ?
Its easy 2get overwhelmed in 2days world, just remember nobody's better than u, n your not better than no 1 else, were all = in gods eye!
Who are some of your favorite local female acts? Let us know!
I streamlined my bio, too.
right back at ya. :)
can't wait, would like to see you get another win!
he's not your future husband soo stfu!! He's miner <3
yep, turned it off myself when it was a 24 point game with 8 or 9 mins left
Thank the Zombie gods for
trail finished up Friday and the verdict came back in our favor!
Important to invest in women: children live longer, children get more educated, GDP drastically increases, more stable and peaceful
There are a LOT fewer rolls of microfilm of Conference minutes and newspaper issues for me to look at than I thought. This is very good.
I suppose I can't win if I don't enter. I'm only now downloading pics from DC as I type this to you!
If a woman dunks in a basketball game, does it make a sound?
They played to near perfection. Nothing went the Lakers way last night. Whether you win by 29 or 1, it's only one win
that's cool....
5% batt and a full day of traveling <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>!! Happy Thanksgiving! <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+0094>
Seniors! Check Edline throughout the day for those permission slips. Another phone call will be sent out once it's online
Very similar to my view, you must be near by. /waves
Your welcome Janina! Thank you for the #ff~! I shall read that message right now!~ :-)
don't know what exactly that means but WE ARE!!!!
An editor with a typo, that is! Fired! Should be: ...you can trust me.
I'm working on that paper :( let me know how the exam goes & during senior week you &I are going out for a HUGE margarita.
Man that was a rough night in #Denver Sports...Nuggets need to just go to the Hole, and make shots...You make shots then you will prevail.
The Live song, or what's actually happening in Melbourne ATM?
. on what we are and what we will be: to "cover every #election across the country...and the world."...
Its all about SUNDAY SUNDAY SUNDAY! King Yellowman, Marcia Griffiths, Freddie McGregor, Prof Nuts, Leroy Sibbles n more!...
I'm so funny!!!
Just living everyday like it might be my last
him and the cheese, Travis Henry...best duo ever
Red space is like a baby sometimes, a baby with too many needs.
mello is like a brother to ME HE luv meh this i know he makes me feel so gooD ND ONE THING ABOUT MEH AM NOT SCARY ND AM BOUT MINE
Well, tremendous job - love the page, strategy, use of a platform as something other than just a platform. Lot to learn from it.
Scotland Yard Pub: "Geeks Who Drink" Pub Quiz tonight at 8pm. Prizes and fun and 'Cuse Basketball on TV!
RT CTGrlProblem: I refuse to call beer pong "beirut." What do you think this is, Masshole? Get out of my state.
Hy u what u doing.
I wanna see Avengers!!!!!
Around this time tomorrow night, Colouring Lesson will be rocking the stage at Ram's Head.
Internet Tip: Don't read your old Facebook messages. If you're a younger person like me, the grammar and spelling will make you have a sad.
This weather is perfect. I wouldn't change anything
Prognosis for sleep for tonight: questionable to doubtful
Does anyone else almost break their arm and leg when hearing Chris browns name on tv? I sure do!!
First time clients, try at Swedish massage for $55 or deep tissue for $60. Open 7 days a week!
A2 Would love to be back in Fiji or Sydney
Just Half.
Little K was in a fourth of July parade! When asked if it was for my bday (same day) or the 4th, she was sure everyone was there for me :)
Is it tho? Not really.
Watched some of Saturday's match on TV. Great atmosphere. And it only cost like $95M? That's like 2/3 of the Lambeau expansion.
Awww shit lol RT : I don't trust a nigga that still got braids in his head.
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 67
I don't tweet..I shoot
for a soccer tourny!
Pink moscato M
how is it a waste of time ?!
I have a violent addiction to goldfish.
Well, at least Gaga made the Top 5. Congrats hun
Just got back a picture I sent out with the signature of the talented June Foray!
Sunday means open houses! 317 James Ct from 11-1, a great 3 br in S.P, then over to 5166 Ridge Oak in Madison - 3 br, right by East Town.
hey! sent you guys an email!
RT“: "Hey hey hey hey, smoke weed every day." This is the word of the Lord.”
Sleep over at my house. So far it's just me, and my whiny, cry baby ass split personality.
Like That Thanks 4 Picking My Name.Problems
EU opens to first citizens&#39; initatives amid criticism (News)
#BeliebersAnd1DAreDumb The person who made this is dumb.Were called DIRECTIONERS not,1D that's that band.Dumbass.
When your English teacher actually comes up to you to congratulate you on doing a good job on your paper.
good morning!
1972-Gov George #Wallace was shot 5x by Arthur Bremer. Wallace survived but spent the rest of his life in a wheelchair in great pain.
I love that tunnel! I wanna throw a party there...a silent party!!!! Lol
Not sure what it was for but a cop was walking along and every single one of them as I biked around had an envelope. Very strange.
back from Expo West - great trade show for the Nutritional industry
ohh cause im ordering my phone tomorrow .. is that individual ?
but I needed it after the argument I had yesterday. Hope you had fun!
Really wish I could have been there! Glad you guys had fun. I'll have a talk with Julian about the way he hit the bottle...
wait, you're not on the 53, are you?
That's the one!
Can someone set me up with an IV of coffee?
Baby you light up my world like nobody else
¤ Almost all really new ideas have a certain aspect of foolishness when they are first produced. Alfred North Whitehead
Cheers to the fuckin' weekend!
Can someone give me a woof!
Just had an awesome time at the #libmade webinar. Tons of inspiration for Library Labs ALA presentation and new podcast for lunchtime walk.
I'll cuddle with you
Très chic! RT Sippin' out of juice cups. Breakfast of champions! (@ The Grape)
Dope shit like that.
The only good thing about waiting to see the doctor is that I get to steal a box of latex gloves.
Congrats. Looking forward to your article and Jack's collection.
Spoiled in my youth, true love is a bitch! And I got so much to give, so sad tweet, some1 hook me up with a date! I'll shave NOT
Rest in peace michael... Even in death you reach millions of people... May generations more learn of your legacy and amazing art... RIP MJ..
This us mag special issue is $10?!?
Thanks RT : HAPPY BIRTHDAY
Just Dm'ed :D
Working on a little diamond called "What I Wish I'd Been Told in High School." Going to be brilliant.
Gotta mail my mother's day card tomorrow...
found some quart sized jars at a garage sale recently, also find them now and then at GoodWill
I been MIA on this thang
good luck!!! Hoping for anther championship!! Lol.
5 hours till puck drop.
Hey Guys, our offices will be closed on Monday for Labor Day. Regular Office Hours will resume on Tuesday.
True that!
A code of conduct will be established...this is to be created legislatively. Will also increase penalties for abuse.
It's a perfect night to stay at the Aladdin #hotel. Remember to ask about our rewards program.
Working a Fraturday of Boardwalk Empire, night's just getting going!
- that was not an inspiring way to start the season.
Thanks man!
wow - we're getting ready for a wonderful performance tonight - come by - free - DIW & NSO - 5:30pm 3400 14th St, NW
he had a great reh - go Terriers! RT : Good luck to #BU student Victor Cayres who performs w/Boston Pops tomorrow!
Thank u very much!! Ill try the lavendar next time I get one. Ive had em since I was 8 so ill try pretty much anything at this
My phone is better than urs, cause if i chuck it at u it will hurt a lot more than average phones -Levin Wat is wrong with him?
Hey hey! How has your Wednesday been so far?
haha! I am sure speaks Spanish...haha. It's all good! :)
Likes the circ status of "recharging"
idk if someone hates on Austin there gonna wish they were dead cus no one messes with my man..
I wish abby loved me as much as i love her.....
window payne
communicated w one student, Robbie, via Twitter
To the crew on bikes that rolled by bumping "I Got 5 On It," cheers.
Radio disney lol
great :) he's as sweet as ever <3 how's you & Matt?
TV. Though theatrical is on there as well. Just feel like it's better to watch television. It's what I did with Scenes.
Ok...seriously need to get to bed soon....of course, I can sleep till whenever I want tomorrow
loves chilling and listening to IMC
OK, time to stop wallowing about this and go grocery shopping.
We should burn a H instead of a E? ... I never got that..
!!!!!!!!!!!": Smoking weed and watching BET 24/7 is not a job occupation #niggawakeup"
Another day at the office, another dollar in the pocket.
conversation with a Macquque with a mowhawk. He said billy idol is rad.
ima listen to it
What if exhibit labels and panels had 140 character limits? Would people feel more inclined to read them? I wonder how that would look...
#1 referer to OAC is Wikipedia. Another reason for archivists to contribute more to Wikipedia
I REALLY didn't see it with Robinson on tape. Surprises me. Don't see him making an impact for year or 2
head back down to 1910 the Elvis room. Have a great series going on; 10 songwriters & a J45. Each one song, you know some of them.
RT If you really think about it, James Earl Jones and Morgan Freeman tickling each other would be pretty much the greatest thing ever
We are 1/2 way through National Library Week! Tweet 6 word library story
“Sometimes I’m terrified of my heart; of its constant hunger for whatever it is it wants. The way it stops and starts.” <U+2015> Edgar Allan Poe
WinAmp is now an Android app that aims to manage music between the smartphone and computer. Watch out, iTunes?
Friday Humor: "Reality is the leading cause of stress for those in touch with it." -Jane Wagner
MYHOUSE Fridays GRAND OPENING this Friday 6/4. Get on the VIP LIST and check it out!!
We need more music.
Did you see the Jay-Z sketch on SNL last night? Jay Pharoah's impression is pretty good.
right now embrace the intention to be content with yourself and the world knowing all is in Divine Order and you are safe and secure
all 4 corners of sunset/highland = 70 library rally peeps! Please join us!
Anouk - Nobody's Wife: via
Hell yeah I love crazy ass tweets making me weak.
yayaya freakin' sore throat and headache! God damn!!
No Kyrie for a week, at least.
im havin one right now i got 7 girls in one queen size bed somebody bout to be on the floor
you know what. i should quit complaining about my weight and actually do something about it! ....starting... not now. i'm too busy eating.
In my younger days.
The cherry tomatoes in my salad (From QFC) are less than fresh. But I already put dressing on so I'm past the point of return. Wish me luck.
I'm going to stop working and think about this for the rest of the day. RT : "No one can utter this table."
Well it takes a lot of guts to do what you're doing with you're startup.
I keep thinking of Joel...
Boozer trash
I dont want no Baby Mama, i want a Mother of OUR Children !
iPad in bag of rice & I am saying some prayers for my dear CK Dexter Haven. Please recover.
Where are you now When I need you the most Why don’t you take my hand I want to be close... love him singing this song...
Jesus: you can actually deal with Philly jury duty stuff online. I'm pinching myself to make sure that I am actually still in Philadelphia.
ya viste The Avengers? Que opinaste?
What in the hell is Santorums daughter wearing?
My sales school is bumpin' Run DMC.
- that was TOUGH to watch. re: Jr's mom talking
And the drive begins! Road trip with and #coachchris st Louis here we come!
Not gonna lie, I really love Sky High.
right on! Good times
Can't wait for my food to arrive... have never used before. Kinda excited.
RT : I had a great time being on with you guys! Let's call Lasorda and get him to my Area 51 Alien Cathouse!...
Going to work on my first New York based film. I get to die today!!
Battle of the Beltway in 12 days MT : The best team in MLB right now is the Orioles. The Nationals can tie them with a win tonight
Every place I've worked the weather office has been a #safezone Love it!!
wow, I'm super jealous.
Time to relax
The Nigerian Communications Commission says subscribers will not pay for Mobile Number Portability service scheduled to begin in September."
eating #banana #pakoras in bed stuy in July.
Headed to United Center.
My best dressed at the #Oscars: Anne Hathaway in #ArmaniPrive, Halle Berry in and Hailee Steinfeld also in Marchesa.
Happy New Year... Glad to see 2012 started with a bang. The council in the UK sent me a bill from 2007. Way to go Notts CC !
Went oil painting at Fisherman's Terminal today (3rd oil ever). I would not say I'm competent yet, but I'm solidly past disastrous.
awww thank you for your kind words ! :)
Each day brings 86,400 seconds. Whatever isn't used is gone forever.
Watching a during class > going on twitter and tweeting(:
Are you still out there? Camping? Mosquitoes are diabolical in the Goethe State Forest.
They look glorious. I've watched the Alien blu 3 times since owning it. I wouldn't bother with part 4 unless you are very curious
TEXT ME ASAP
City finances aside, San Diego is NOT a poor place. There's LOTS of money, just not in the city coffers. Bankruptcy talk is stupid.
Hey come hang with me on stickam www.stickam.com/alexa2121
Oh yeah. Amy rocks!
Holiday Pick-Up Line: If you jingle my bells I can promise you a white Christmas.
We may be interested in said "stuff" - though I'm not sure if it's a pain to schlep down. We're now looking at 2br apts (tour today)
Food Fact of the Day: March 2,1904 Dr. Seuss was born. Who wants some
iPhone's were meant to be broken
fear not though i to inadvertently say things without thinking about it first.
Noosa turkey with attitude
So he has a child :-/ i think thats enough to call it quits
yes sirree bob. Want to come to a party this evening?
Wonder if they mean the Bonestripper.. RT There's a roller coaster designed to kill passengers
Like my bytches nasty like ah cold dinner
#ImThatPersonWho embraces ORIGINALITY AND BEING YOURSELF BECAUSE IMITATION IS WORST THEN MURDER
The #Hootsuite ow.ly bar makes me not want to bother sharing. Even when you share it's a link. Better to X it out.
about to head over to Carrie Secrist Gallery to set up for today's Lady Rollins performance. Starts at 2, goes till 4!
and then I told her I said its cool get at me and then my voice got RASPY
Thanks for the promo!
wow, someone is really having a ferris bueller barf outside my window.
Awesome opening for the #CMA!
you know how i do..smoked out in tha studio
My Dad is expressing interest in getting an iPhone. Oh boy!
your show
Is this for real or is my local cable TV provider just messing with me? It is a joke? Right? ...lol ...Sigma out
ASA for sure! THATCamp, it depends (on status of job; $$). It'd be awesome, but might add up in hotel room expenditures.
Thank you Nuggets.
Today, I almost amputated my hand trying to put the top on an exhibit case.
Another day another dollar, naw, it's about making an impact with your actions and inspire the youth.
Doesn't everyone know second hand smoke is dangerous? Selfish people.
This is ridiculous
... Is great with lots of things that are not gluten free! :)
it would be lol
thanks ashley Loveya2
Tell your followers that is the fastest growing car club in Dallas accepting new members NOW!!!!! Challengers, Camaros & Chargers
Im just stalking rriight now(:
Zoo-bee-zoo-bee-zoo.
okay! Good that's what I'm working in & didn't wannabe alone (:
PR's should be a coaching tool, but often they are performed by managers who cannot lead.
Hearing sen. Marco Rubio at RVA convention center. Impressive
Agreed!! RT Wellness Wednesday at Yogurt, fruit, bagels, veggies, juice...YUM!
Come to our free concert tonight! Quartets by Haydn, Bartok and Brahms. 7:30pm at St. Paul's Church, 15 St. Paul St, Brookline, MA.
I rather have my GED then have Ruskin High School on my diploma -___-
Prof. Karlan: It's important to remember that the First Amendment is robust...except when it isn't.
If your definition of friendship is causing very public nervous breakdowns, then this friendship is over. Thanks a lot Lori.
If you're a bird, then I'm a bird.
Helouu (new boyz) how are you? my brother hafe the face with you rally!
I gave in like three days ago too! Haha.
Go lakers, for ma baby<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
RT : Went tu Incredible Pizza for lunch & games!
What did you go for on your last visit to the dentist? Cavity? Teeth Whitening? Wisdom Teeth?
- Thanks for the follwo, fellow #twitter friend! Have a great day.
Yesterday was pancake day. Today is national margarita day. I'm marking this week in the calendar for next year.
The psychic said to give him a chance--IF he called. I guess she knew that he never would.
This unseasonably warm weather today must have folks on Capitol Hill hoping for Spring flowers.
Did she just thank Alice in chains?
Getting ready for a full day of shooting. When you love what you do, sleep is no contender.
hey! wondered where youve been!
Hope you had good luck!
ikr...im bout to lay it dwn myself...
Shane making Myers work.
Fuck its gonna be a Long day
NCAA East Regional games on Thursday. We'll have your drinks and meals ready whenever you stop on by!
Any update on restoration of service in Baltimore City? Thanks!
Thanks for the RT, have a great weekend!
Don't feel good
hey, I just met you and this crazy, but heres my body, fuck me maybe?
Sabotage at
in solidarity!
I vote for putting Twitter handles on ISTE badges next year.
Coming up on Fox @ 9 we're talking to both sides of a police bust that got an officer shot... and the splain'n Marina is going about our WX
Ironic how the one guy that Heat fans (and the entire internet, really) have trolled on hardest might be the difference between a title run
Dear - please please please bring back the old radio feature! The new one is lacking and too much like Pandora. Nothanks.
Ya know I have the BEST friends!!! My friend Frayser hooked me up with a bitchin' new security system. Anyone needing security call me! :^)
Happy Leap Day! Anyone else wish we could just leap into Spring already???
hey thanks I'll follow them thanks to you
In two weeks we will be in first by 3-4 games
"No, when Obama does it we call it evolving, not flip flopping."
dead I say
Met a friend at the National Gallery and saw the exhibit Colorful Realm: Japanese Bird-and-Flower Paintings by Ito Jakuchu. Beautiful.
It's up to me now to win this game!
Looked like it was Jed on the live cam
killin' em at The Vinatta Project, NYC. Shame if you missed it. She will be there Wednesdays and Sundays. Big brother
ah yes, but i want to go to London soo badly! plus, my brother lives there xx
When my mom brings up having a guy as conversation as were driving in the car. #thatswhenyouknow #deanaproblems?
i should not be awake right now
Town, FBA host holiday lighting - Farragutpress Farragutpress Town, FBA host holiday lighting Farragutpress In spite of the cold, hundred
thanks for the follow Brett!
O yeah thats twitter not tweeter just like saying tweet
I just want the world to go away.
Think Different.
“: Oh shit, I forgot to order a bunch of WiFi-enabled homeless people!” // LOL!
only one left!
And...HELLO, welcome to Brett and Billy!!! I hope you two have the most amazing week! Thanks for stopping by and rock on! : )
So my local library doesn't support the Library Anywhere app. They use Encore so they just need to pony up?
do it! It's so much fun!
Haha, it's okay, I'm eating Skittles right now :3
out of all the rappers out 2 chainz has the most official swag
Most experts picked the Penguins as the playoffs’ unsinkable ship, but not only have they run into an iceberg, they’ve hit rock bottom...
Collegiate Players Tour
Having a phone therapy session means you can drink during it!
Thank you! Your support means a lot to us here. We believe!
Mind heavy , not even gone get in my feelings , everything will fall in places (I assume) but goodnight! Need this rest <U+263A>
I was so upset for some reason. Then I thought about ad his smile then I suddenly felt better. No joke.
Gotta get my rest for tomorrow! Peace out Twitter
Leaving the baseball game and look and there is a car on fire on the side of the rode
One last note: 1600 has a posse.
One week in with my new Windows 7 system. Loving it!
Thanks for sharing, Dee!
One of the films on my Netflix Top 10 recommendations is "Ticked-Off Trannies with Knives"
look at you being on the hill ;)
my throat doesn't hurt anymore! now I just have this cough & an achy body! :(
If you're going to tell me you hate me one day, at least live up to it. Don't act like we're bestfriends the next.
yea that would be fun
Why the Steelers will upset the Patriots at thesportsgame.blogspot.com
I did! :) Can I vote more than once?
you want me quiet? when people homeless, under bridges going insane, kids can't spell their names?
Pierce looks frustrated. Forced that last shot.
I need someone/something to take care of my boredom
I hate it when I overwater the little plant and it pees all over the table.
happy weekend!
I hear ' home is full of leather bound books. RT : My thoughts exactly!
how would you know? i want justin to notice me for me not find out a special account of christians and stalk him, im not gay.
America embrances mediocrity.
I love u Eeeershhhhley
The Real truth is that the Government dont Count people who arent in the System for Unemployment, it's Probably 30 million people uneployed!
"You can make wild ducks tame, but you can never make tame ducks wild again." -- Thomas Watson, Jr., founder of IBM
It only comes once every 4 years... get ready for our one-day leap year sale on February 29th!
Valentine's Day is coming up fast! Get your loved one the gift they really want - a massage at Massage Envy!
That's the Blur album I'm probably least familiar with.
abut to have an awesome weekend with my aunt<U+2665> and epic big bro Tyler<U+2665>...should be fun:)
in next week's ep of :D
Halloween orders can be picked up at the Market in Long Beach Sat and Hicksville Sun. It's not to late to order, but by Thurs pm please.
On my ride home by the harbor, all I saw were Yankees fans. That certainly hasn't changed with the current team success.
Work ethnic unmatched.
Wat station maybe i can listen
From a transcript: "those of us who aren't lawyers are kind of afraid of you guys. I mean lawyers are -- you know, they can sue you"
It did sound childish. U RIGHT!. .but this is YO SHIT. . .TREAT IT LIKE IT'S YO SHIT.
I don't believe there's anything at the Bradley Center tonight, so parking is no excuse for not coming to
way to go!
Lol Siemens..... Why Would You Name Your Company That?!
While we're on domesticity, I've very recently discovered when I'm not working 60+ hours a week, it's WAY easier to keep a clean house.
#acrl101 Thanks for providing breakfast! Much needed and appreciated
Make your accomplishments seem effortless.
im so hungry
EL chat in Connect right now :)
": In a whatever mood today. Today is just boring." It's cause you haven't seen me, duh!
It took this long for the Celts to dump J. O'Neil? About damn time!
1 On My Neck 1 On My Chest 1 Licking On My Thigh.#FreeBoosie.Song #LetMeGetMe.Its Problems Bitch.
familys coming tomorrow and im suuppppeeerrr excited! (:
i cant imagine anyone buying your album.
it was magical .. (:
WHERE THERE IS A WILL THERE IS A WAY, PAY HOMAGE EVERYDAYO, SAY SO
Happy happy birthday to !
Can't wait for tonight! Lovin' this years talent!
Politics aside, isn't it nice that jobs are coming back? Way to go, employers!
Miyamoto is growing! We are currently looking for a structural engineer with a masters degree and 8+ years experience to work in our LA off…
Just found my 2011 Resolutions. I went 2 for 8. Guess I don't need any new ones for 2012.
Thank you, for the exquisite Little Red print. It's just stunning.
I love that show too!!!
You never lose by loving. You always lose by holding back <U+E329>
Almost 200 followers. to have #RYV #share your vid, just add and we will tweet it. also, we #follow back to our followers.
oh...k i think im not korean!hihi:b
omg thank you so much !!! You literally just made my life!!
I hate fillin out apps on line like wtf! Paper is just so much easier.
to funny!
Volunteers are needed Sat 5/5 at Coventry PEACE Park cleanup. 10-2 rain or shine.
Thanks for the follow! What's going on in the #tech world?
Santa Ana winds have nothing on EP Salonen conducting dress rehearsal of Shostokovich's stunning 4th. Peter Sellars' Orango"!!
Well, billboards aren't going up yet… The lawyer will fight us on appeal. Deep pockets but no taste.
needing to create new new website for steelhorserock.com ... way outdated!
Thanks Chuck! The video of the hat for Washington State Parks was great too.
working with devo twitting
thank you!
lmao I'm telling you, attracts the sexiest of them all lmaooo
Check out the Daily Planner on Facebook to see what you can do today to enjoy life to the fullest.
I knew that :). Just checking on you. Getting ready for work; if out on tollways let me know!! Lol
At my nephews t-ball game(;
Yes, I will definitely be making it over to there at some point!
dropped my week old green pastures cod liver oil/butter oil blend. broke and spilled everywhere. nice, love watching $ wasted... UGH!
you call on me at the weirdest times Nikkole Parker
Nice day out, need to take advantage
How the hell do I catch a cold during spring
So true": No kid should need $10,000 a month to live smh....child support for folks with money is crazy!!!!"
I heart #Tehas - where's your uncle live? I'm in
Things change people change!
No , i broke a nail -__-
Celebrating college success stories from the past year. Our students have been accepted to: Sweet Briar, Georgia Tech...
Python just got really fun - we're orienting objects! Esp. after working with the front end of video instantiations w/
You DID IT!!! #Way2Go #CLIPPERS!!! RT : Much respect to Memphis and there fans ....
we can decorate them during craft time and then we can make them race eachother for exercise
haha nothing. I just had one of those moments
no kidding! That's going to be an interesting game! I'm torn. Got Bucks winning it all but wouldn't mind seeing UC win!
"Boobs are fun"
I just finished a 3.44 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Smoke the pain away...
I'll be the the dude beefin it up hard AF
your new pooch is so cute! Dogs are awesome.
#Ahahahahahaha too funny
#lrnchat are we back to sage on the stage Vs guide on the side Vs no guide and a very sketchy map?
Hotter than hot in the apt tonight, good luck sleepin
#wordsthatmakepeoplegonutts........"And the results are in" lol
WED Dinner Dessert Special:Lemon Ice Box Pie with Raspberry Coulis, Raspberry Sorbet & Fresh Vanilla Whipped Cream
I know I had a few drinks 2 many last night but realized a stranger on my bed in the middle of the night - It was my dog Juneau hugging me!
what do i love about running? i head out full of anxiety and come back completely at peace.
I'm good, how bout you?
Date of most recent experiences on tops. Major accomplishments bulleted so they stand out and be easily read by recruiters.
No seriously... She's awesome... You're gonna hate her - JW
ppl tryna tip me but I don't think I can accept them. :/ im just turning them down.
address unknown
Working on my 2passions 2day #fitness and designing #swimwear Life is God!!
Been reading your column long enough.
stop being a stubborn asshole and go see The Artist! You're a fool!
So important, you had to tweet it twice! :-)
Sorry to hear that! You should check out our app, I came up with it after my house was broken into
Trying to explain what a vocal performance major does to a hairstylist is consistently one of the most difficult social interactions
The Higher Caliber Klique?
If anyone magically ended up with an extra Flaming Lips LP from Record Store Day, I'll gladly take it off your hands.
well hot dog, er hot brisket!
Just missed you by five hours.
Oh, I knew THAT. I was just vexed by the existence of the site. Guess I should work on my fucking grammar!!!!!! OMG!!!
It certainly comes to mind!
Nails toes laundry and shopping. I should get out of bed.
Chew up a Halls coughdrop...lick that clit...blow on it a lil bit...feel good dont it?! Lol
follow me
getting braces tomorrow!!!
Hope everyone is having an awesome Thursday!
Its not the same with out you
Well you chose not to take ENT-326 with us so....
i'm gonna go eat mac n' cheese , then i'm going to start this weekend over again.
Evans and that shit is getting funny these people running around scared and idgaf
If anyone would like a FREE Avon booklet mailed to them please message me
I believe it's Jayhawk, and they better be if I'm going to be bringing in all the cash money this year.
What Would You Do, During Retirement, If You Had The Money To Do Whatever You Wanted?
ANYONE KNOW HOW TO stop a dog from shedding
I... SOMEONE JUST KILL ME NOW..... NOT A GIRL!!! WHY MUST IT BE A GIRL!!!!
That is a hell of a throw by Ben.
Shhh...the adults are talking. Reagan didn't need to hide.
no I'm getting it. Or you can just buy me one
How the World Began at Women's Project Theater is terrific! And new Twitter friend, the actor-teacher-director extraordinaire
Excited to head out to the #imediasummit this weekend! I think this is my 6th or 7th year!! Will be great to see all of my imedia peeps!
The ppl next to me sitting N their car breaking down weed. I wonder if it's Dro? lol
That's what yo ass get... #Freeloader <<<< always wanting shit.. Get a job!
Siguele con ganas! Rosetta Stone is amazing, you'll be speaking spanish in no time :)
It's getting heated in here folks! Are you tuned in? Sen. Durbin is digging deep.
Gahh damn shame, you send a bad boy to play a grown mans game..
Let peace find a toe hold in this tumultuous world.
1) Haywood unleashed a running haymaker on Durant, clearing both benches in the ugliest scene since the brawl at the Palace of Auburn Hills
Who cares if it's legal anymore
Westbrook looks like a legit clown
As an economist by education, it should surprise anyone that THAT is more interesting to him than sympathy.
no he has a Little blue sign but hes online
I'm actually working on them. I love em all girl. Hott hott
Testing out suggestion for a single settings file for all environments.
nice! I wonder if I know them . . .
My dad's birthday gonna be rockin no questions asked.
I love Sundays too. Been going to a new church, and heard a Great Word today.
st pats social night party was a blast with the irish dancers...knights of columbus friday fish fry tonight...its all for charity
Heather Joseph, illustrating the importance of considering disciplinary differences, brings up a slide with an XKCD cartoon. <3
Steven Pinker moderating a panel tonight: a look at the original roots of artificial intelligence, cognitive science 'n neuroscience
My mom thinks my Toni Cade Bambara art is cute. My dad just seems perplexed.
"Like they say, if you're not paying for the product, you ARE the product." Mother Jones article comment on new Google privacy policy.
RT - If the Jacksonville Jaguars are called the "Jags" and the Tampa Bay Buccaneers are called the "Bucs"… what are th...
right??! I should have, but was too embarrassed. Dang, major missed opportunity.
what are you up to?
ed: that goal was bc of Semin!
your tweet made no sense to me...
Do you or anyone you know is looking for additional income? Call at 4:00PM EST 218 548 0886 Code: 417091#
Days like today <
What is your goal with your website? what is your website url? I would like to understand what your needing
I'm the luckiest guy around! This weekend will be amazing. Now if she would only memorize how to spell her hebrew name....
Getting ready to see in the season finale of
AW. you two!
“The amount of times you say you hate drama is directly proportional to the amount of times that you actually start it”
PickUpLine: Nice pants, can I test the zipper?
Sending out another alert in the morning, sign up now!
Really excited to see so much discussion on my last #cyborgology post. I'll get to writing replies as soon as I have some time.
Fuck a hoe, move crack, bust a cop, fuck the world.
we're gonna have a great handshake. Just you wait.
Another fitness photoshoot coming up this weekend. Updates coming.... it's going to be a great time.
i hate when my bad ankle randomly gets sore
Having a Birthday party going to be parting
Wow! Great fight!
That's it. I'm done with people today.
OMG!! me i cant wait whos punking you
Ozzie said at least one player Ravens could've taken at 29 is still around for tomorrow.
Someone come over and clean my room for me please.
That awkward moment when a fat person says "That's how I roll"
Will y'all be my Valentine?
May the 4th be with you! The library has Star Wars books, Star Wars movies, & John Williams music(!) ...all free with your library card.
how so Team?
CAPS LOCK ASDFGHJKL;'
I've seen two ESPN aired baseball game's and each time you guys talk about twitter.. DO YOUR JOBS
So, today is definitely a John Mayer kind of day
Raj, I'm very sorry about that. Your account hit a peculiar but and support didn't have the info. I dug up your data and sent.
did I ask you if it was on point? Oh Kay ....
The 2 walk-off grand slams by Votto and Stanton on Sunday was the first time that has happened in 14 years.
and so is
no. I bought all the merchandise. Lol all at a good price though :-)
Dallas about to get blown out
I will email you some food for thought!
U were a JERK 2night on ur show 2 #MicheleBachman!! Little advice:if u don't like #TEA Party or our reps-don't ask them on ur show!
The Alumni Connections Panel is starting now in the A.J. Drexel Picture Gallery!!
The rainy day turned into a lazy day
RT : RT : is training Fellows about on camera experience. #NLCInstitute. Look good, sound good...
I feel like playing a board game haha x
Haha bro I was just joking. I'm not speaking for Thi'sl
Boostin my steam
Big stuff from us coming up next week for the Aldo VS Mendes fight next Saturday!
Listen for Metropolitan's "Downstream" in the recent episode of "Biography" on Aerosmith
I'll be testing out my new golf GPS App at the RMHI Pro-Am
RT Downtown Nashville. With #MistaD, #Slick Nick, #Habib Musica. Just got done renting all the equipments for the music vi
: Hey could you make me one? I cant PM you.... It wont let me
Nerves are frayed. Jackass has been mowing his lawn with a defective mower for an hour. The struggling motor is driving me up the wall.
Chris so will you answer my question why you answer my random questions on fb and quit avioding this
are you?
Thanks for the continued support at CKCU 93.1 FM Ottawa! Peace!
Back it school is like a 2nd new year. Time for new habits, new routines and new resolutions.
because I'm the king of the world
follow for me please!!!!! very cool person right here!! :D
I feel ya bro
I don't know how it happened, but a bird just pooped on my coffee cup lid.
wsup fam dis mike nephew from dallas ...wat its gone take for u to get on da album i dont knw who to get at beside 3 letmeknw
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others. - Ayn Rand
This should be a great weekend to get out and #stayactive!
>>Welcome Jennifer! Have a great weekend..
Thanks for sharing :)
Alexandra's advice: really think about the WHY in developing QR codes and make sure to test Them before you print!!!
In context of the $99 Lumia 900, I presume.
Can't decide whether to celebrate Cinco de Mayo or the Kentucky Derby Sat... Mint juleps then margaritas anyone?
Just a gathering for my family friends and classmates i thought yall were coming doh jeff tweeted it for me
NEW YORK!! #SUPERBOWL NFL
bigger treat for me, seeing u!!!!
No one feels sorry for you. Its actually kind of annoying.
Sometimes <3 is just a lot of heartache, but when you find a person who loves U for U then you are in true <3 and it will last forever.
Logan Benish with a two-run double down the left field line on a 3-1 pitch pulls Mineral Point within 7-4. Pitching change for Fennimore.
Stomach ache<< #blehh<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
Trying to figure out what to get my mom for mothers day w/ little money I have. lol
WPA member artist Mei Mei Chang is featured in "The Painting Imperative" after Erin Treacy saw her work at the WPA booth at (e)merge!...
. is one great trainer. PA staffers have a new adobe crush...
I wish my girlfriend didn't hate me...
I need this albums to drop I'm going crazy out here!
I needed a password eight characters long, so I picked Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs.
wHAHAHA I missed that tweet earlier!!
Ima start drawing people faces n called my álbum making love faces
first weekend night with warmth & humidity, and nearly full moon. Let the games begin.
A man standing by the Wendy's drive-thru just asked me if I had change and I said "No". Yeah, I was lying and he could tell
I love hearing about no-hitters. I can't wait for the #Mets to have one!
I wanna be broken , when im weak , thats when your strong Lord . When im less , thats when more of you show !
Both structural & relaxation massage are better than usual care for LBP. Massage is great, it doesn't matter what you call it!
James Reston~ This is the devilish thing about foreign affairs they are foreign and will not always conform to our whim.
Well... Melissa isn't going solo right now anymore. She's doing theater right now and LP is not over, just on hiatus.
Made a couple mixtapes not knowin they were gunna get as big as they did....now that i know, yall jus wait...
Blueprint is fixed. There are other responsive frameworks though that you should check out. :)
This should be blueprint for all communities to collaborate and work together to promote awareness and education! Great job!
Thank you so much!
Welcome to the world where being yourself isn't good enough.
People in LA are so creative that they drive outside the lines.
Lmfao, for a second I thought it said "Going to the Strip Club tomarrow" LOLOL
There is one just off the Snyder on Westport Rd. Next to Taco Bell.
": The bumps are badges of honor. Every athlete hits a few bumps in the road..staying strong to come back strong!"
Waiting 4 the premiere @ the Ziegfeld, sitting nxt 2 (50 rows away from) the star.
No problem.
if you ever visit me sweetie you will never be the same. Well, you'll never walk the same at the very least. Good 2 have u bk
Coloring my hair today...I'm scared..I've always had black hair
Be thankful you don't live in NYC and enjoy some outdoor dining tnt in chi.
From my Twitter poll it looks like the worst film ever to win a Best Picture #Oscar is "Every Film That Ever Won a Best Picture Oscar."
is it me or is Spaceballs a classic?
I may have to start my own personal line.
wtf who said i was bulletproof, dont point that fucking gun at me
hope you're ready for an invasion by #RavenNation. See you bright and early tomorrow morning.
"so I hear, were u looking at the lonely hearts section?"
Cool! hit 3M followers! I'll settle for 1K! Do it for me & :-)
If you cross me imma get some #PayBack!!!!
Well we'll all have a blast! I'll start planning the vitamin water recipies now ;)
300 DOLLARS FOR A MEET N.GREET TREY SONGZ LIKE HE FINE. BUT IT'S SAD
Hello Terry how you doing..This is Kenneth Hall
at his house, I think so-he really wanted some leos.
We want to know... What do you love about NY?
im here for the eternal youth
Mfs Finna have a free day on Friday no class that's what I'm talking about
Thanks for the mention. It's great to hear you enjoy our food. :) - Bryan
Why is "10 Must-Follow Tumblrs on Twitter??? LOL
girls field
Getting on a party bus!
We love ELF!
My daughter is a huge fan but is to young to attend the show at the Subterranean in Chicago on June8th
We're at the /Toronto Raptors game tonight... in separate sections. There's like 450 people here. Way to
Source? RT : KGW's Michael Berk reports Chip Kelly is working to finalize a deal to make him head coach of the Tampa Bay Bucs.
I can check..
how can a JOB SITE EVER discriminate against the unemployed!! I search DAILY w/no result - ITS STILL HORRID OUT THERE!!!!
Thanks for following my twitter P E. "Take the perspiration out of aspiration". I like that.
The Easter bunny skipped my house this year.. #WheresMyCandy?
I'm thinking we need to put out a BOLO for our !! Missin the lil Sis
ONE-LINER: Judge a man by his questions rather than his answers.
Dreamt I met in a mall food court. Me & Pat were taking pics in a tux & wedding dress while Drops of Jupiter was playing
Start light, keep it funny. This is an oppty to bring this often overlooked/taboo genre to light.
No not yet. But I will say that it is a ground breaking step. Expect more companies to go this route.
The pizza place in question is about 5 blocks from me. I heard about it via good old fashioned flyer in mailbox I think. Or word of mouth?
your status has been updated
“To move the world we must first move ourselves.” -- Socrates
oh - How trendy lookin! :)
Oh yeah. Remember Valdes' give-away to Little Buddha, what, 4 seasons back? Almost sank the title.
Sounds dope !
followed, follow back?
Started the day with a fire alarm at our office. Luckily the fire dept. came and declared a false alarm. What a way to start the week!
My brother's gas in this heated car with the windows up<<<<<
Next trip Miami June,7 b day weekend bash
aye buddy
My connection is bad so I am assuming that some of my messages were not received.
lol I'm sure its what they're thinking.
Thanks for sending that over!
cool, nice de que nacionalidad?
Without hard work, nothing grows but weeds. Gordon B. Hinckley
2days of sun #seattle. Off to buy supplies #sundayfunday #bbq at friends lakehouse. Good times.
We could do that. Should we have it on the TL next door? Or up here on 5? We could put on some TV and order pizza?
Cause that's what you are.... Of you know what that means
For you...I won't be moved.
Hope everyone had a delicious thanksgiving. Is there any other kind?
And I wont make that mistake again
Go Patriots!! Nice way to end the half!! We love NY but we LOVE the NE Patriots MORE!! #Superbowl #Patriots ~author, I Love You More
Almost everyone will have Carolina as a staple. I like Cougar. I think Unisource carries both.
I might as well call you Google, because you have everything that I am looking for.
Thanks for having us on COCO today, we appreciate your support for our radiothon!
I love when people come over and say, "Do you have a bathroom?" "No sweetie, we go in the yard with the dog."
Good win, jazz! Also, I hope 's #swatlakecity name sticks. Classic.
I just read that too. laughing my ass off. They are run by idiots. The rest of the nfl is laughing at them as well.
Keeping up with the Voyage tweets breaks my heart. To know that those people had no idea what was waiting for them... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
A wise woman once said after the rain comes the sun.
i prefer an ice cold Hawaiian punch..
If one more person asks me if I drew the short straw I'm gonna throw straws at them
it's all Good! Loving this weather.
And now in this part of the complex....we await Ali-Frazier 10
What's the point of calling them daddy! or your father when they just end up walking out of your life. -_-
missed connection monday via craigslist/roc always makes me feel better
if I saw you on the street, I'd hand over my wallet and cell phone and plea for mercy.
...and I'm finishing Season 6 of
awesome, this someone you know?
It's young money motha fucka if ya ain't running with it run from it motha fucka
lol proud of what? I told you I didn't even ask to be her date or anything. We were just making small talk
Wow i havent tweeted all day
Maybe, emo kid, if you wouldn't wear such tight jeans, you would not be forced to walk like your nuts are crushed.... Because they are...
samuel thomas flint. <3 :)
loving this weather<333
Now Iman Shumpert and D.Rose is out of the running do you think that this shakes the playoffs up at all??
Gooch’s support resulted in Mary’s pardon. In 1732 the General Assembly extended a limited form of benefit of clergy to all races and women
Chilling :D
Absolutely! I can't wait!
Just happened RT : Never have I been called beast before.
"wantonly annotated twenty years ago when I was a student, that I routinely underlined for approval details and images and metaphors that
You talking nonsense so imma put my music on & zone you out
Free promotion for yourself is a click away friend :) try the link on my profile. BTW, interested follow4 follow?
Well, the good news is we can take credit/debit cards now...
I can't wait to give my friends and family their gifts so I can show them how rich I am. Presents are the reason for the season.
How do you enjoy your time off?
Very passionate plea. It's amazing he kept it together and didn't break down.
Wife out of town... Eating frozen pizza, drinking beer, and watching Cannibal Holocaust - fine cinema. Just like college all over again.
...another day to try and bake the donuts...
Thank you for the shoutout and RT to your followers! I hope you are having a fabulous day!
When Rachel talks, you shut up.
thanks man
today was just not that great of a day... at all.
Saturday Morning Hangover Crew-----Follow -->
Got my goodnight call now ima crash goodnight everyone
tonight we are drinking Maibock.
I wish I could remember how the hell I ignored people before I owned a cell phone
Happy Boxing Day!
#NFAIS Device profiles vary drastically around the world. Another reason to know your audience.
Back to these books
Time to make the Donuts
Yup RT : I need to get a list of all DMV #NT on here.
Floyd Mayweather Fiance Is Mad Pretty
FOUND YOU. Intense makeup+yoga later this evening
We have experience printing for political campaigns. With many products including, candidate brochures, palm cards, mailers... and more.
The baby isn't taking care of that?
no! I want to so bad though!!! Grr
love you hahaha casually cruising around right now
You can check in with them this Wednesday -- if not in you can reserve a copy for when it is.
I agree!
u till him wow
Blood Drive is scheduled for June 21 from 3:00 - 6:00 at AMLI 535! Please email to reserve your spot. Thanks for helping!
You won me over a lil bit, twee Indie folk duo. Just a lil bit!
what's keeping you busy my friend?
Why are people lying on me and making accusations about me that could really damage my career and reputation? All I do is try and be good
Breitbart lies.....dead!
Not yet. Plan to tonight though.
We're excited to be participating!
What is the dinner party exactly? :)
I haven't but will take a look! “: Agreed! Have you tried Xobni?”
RT *R-T-W-E-E-T* if u want TONS of INSTANT FOLLOWERS! I'll shout u out with my 22,510 [MUST BE FOLLOWING ME]
Agreed. The more succinctly you can communicate an idea, the firmer grasp you have on the concept. Required length be damned.
Question: you're in a cab and the driver talks to himself and jerks violently. Do you gtfu or understand that he may just have Tourette's?
Lol wow I got my phone taken away.
Thanks for the RT. Spread the Vegan Word
NIST and DOE will soon announce commty college grant awards to prepare bldg indstry professionals for comm bldg retrofit campaign.
the eagle has landed on twitter. He's my mans follow him he's funny as hell.
“I know three things will never be believed – the true, the probable, and the logical."~John Steinbeck
#BoyfriendBroketheRecord . oh my, im so proud <3 congrats biebs . you deserved it . #followme .
She make me beg for it then she give it up <3
What do you do to recover your lost phone? I have the app "where's my phone". I love it. I've used it to find my phone in my house!
Damn, it's about time
we can't wait to get out there and see all of it! Gary's is about 20 minutes from us and it's beautiful!
guess what! You are more awesome :)
Gonna get myself ready to see , , , and in concert in more than a month away!!!!
Its okay, I understand. She's skinnier. She's funnier. She's prettier. DON'T WORRY. I wouldn't choose me either.
awesome song i always thought cudi made that tune...but of course..the one and only bobby dyl
macs cost twice as much to fix, but I like osx a lot. and some people gotta have their mac! But I fix apple too :-)
Able now to read many books at same time, i.e. paper, iPhone Kindle, iPod Audible and they're talking to each other in interesting ways.
I'm proud of the NFL...balancing the budget by turning out the lights each quarter on Monday Night Football.
Help us. Help you.
#YouNotUglyBut that sound u make when u open your mouth .......... No
the boy is punching above his weight with those two ;-)
oh hell yes!! im ready to get the hell outta here!
one for the newsroom, one for me.
quoting James Murphy: "the best way to complain is to make things"
no its mothers day tomarrow
Kudos on the campaign.... definitely got my support, I'll post something on as well and our FB..
- thanks to you Dave for coming out; see you at demo day!
has an amazing voice. You should really follow me and
Try using roasted red peppers-same color, similar texture. Flavor should work.
Very cool. I have a numbers of lists that are terribly out of date. Need to update them! Hope no one follows them closely. :-)
AHA! I see the new ep online! Listening now.
yes! and a medium.
with the exception of the dairy in the chips of course.
Cabby single, Prince triple, Delmon double. I can listen to this all summer :) #Tigers #WhoNeedsSpeed?
thanks for the retweet.
we're not use to that here Brrrrr
ACLS Fellows Speak on Emerging Themes and Methods of Humanities Research #ACLS2012 (1/4)
#OomfNeedsTo stop tweeting...
Printin some tees down by the river...
after canvass, 64 votes separate Richard Johnson (R) & Mark Brody (R) in NC House 55, Johnson has already called for recount
Buy one Sales Rack and receive 20 Select hangers for FREE!!!
Argh. Monday am traffic
Words can't even describe my love for Kyle Wiltjer! Hahaha
“: Wade was talking crazy to spo!!!!! He gets no respect” swear hes a bitch nigga
Attract Women With Sexual Chemistry You can’t focus on thinking about sex. You have to focus on getting into her head. You want to connect w
"Holy shit guys, he's killing our troops with a knife, I guess we'll...let him steal that horse."
USC Grad's Second Chance to Make Olympic Team
Become a fan of our cleaning service today Facebook.com/teamgocommercialcleaningservice/
Exactly why I'm hooked, plus there's surprisingly a good joke or two an episode.
Do you ever tweet anything besides how many followers you need or can get someone? How about saying something worthwhile?
you think?
Too Many To Count. Who Wants To Know?
great news can't wait to hear about it!
we can call u the hit maker.
Spring break 2012
I am never opposed to reviewing self published books, but for heaven's sake don't use comic sans as your cover font! Yes, I *will judge you.
***HUGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGSSS***Things will get better, they have to...you're too good for them not to!!!
I absolutely hate summer book reports!!
Shes a shady lady
Agreed. But then my conscience kicks in and partial credit--for what I think they meant--sounds like a good idea. For a moment.
I love !!! please please follow me!!! I love all of u guys! U guys r soo talented!
Nah! Call it like I see it!
": A little jealousy in a relationship is healthy. It's nice to know someone's afraid to lose you."
if you want Oakland at its economically stratified best, I would suggest Piedmont. The cream always floats to the hills.
What's happening Nice to meet you!
yea, makes my head hurt just thinking about it.
This girl seriously just called a boy over and demanded him to sit next to us. Damn!
We saw it before Cabin in the Woods. I was very excited. Rest of audience less so.
Np' The Kill 30 Seconds To Mars
Hello there, the angel from my nightmare.
Izzy Call me and tell me it?? OMG THE CRAYON SONG!!
will do! Things are good. excited about this year both for me and for a little more balance in all things...
I'll bet my hard drive is the biggest you've ever seen.
Just ordered from Costco business delivery service, very excited! First stumble is it doesn't seem to give you delivery day until after...
Headed out to help Butler County We Are Ohio campaign with phone calls today. NO on Issue 2!!
Well..there's another tweet I deleted rather than send.
Shoutout to my bestie <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098> I got a good one
Shoot, I was hoping it was a Henry V pinball machine.
Its snowing. Da heck.
Still looking for that superstar Bluetooth FW engineer. Experience with CSR BC5 platform and LE a big plus!
RT “: There's nothing I want more than to have my Daddy back.”
I can't believe you're cheating on Target like that....
Whats going on with the NBA with this lockout thing? Is it true there is no basketball next season? :(
is he big enough at 185lbs?
Think it's time to head outside and sit in the sun with this marketing book.
Happy #openingday everyone! Go !!
A lillte bird told me one of the Food Network crews and a truck will be @ the Pawn Stars location tomorrow around 11am!!
on the starting defense, who?
#Springtraining is here!!! #MLB all day, everyday!
GUS soda is so good...
Dope Joint fam
(2) figure out which points may be useful in finding a good line, (3) maximizing the distance between the line and those points
Awesome day of living for the kid. Blessed to be free and breathing is the biggest gift.... Shout out my supporters and believers
Just talked to my mom for fifteen minutes before I realized she thought I was my sister because she said things like “I’m proud of you”
real fans can't afford the seats!
#nccetl give widgets as gifts/to teachers to admin./to parents/to legislators
RT I am so very p90xsore today. Why didn't someone remind me that writing>exercise
S/O to can't wait to have my songs on their radio soon!
First friday , junkyard , and mid night bowling ! Tonight should be a fun night !
nah,...am just jealous...
I really do like The Mentalist though. It goes extra hard to me. Would go so much harder on Showtime.ooooweeee
oh, florencia! Bro, see, i didnt know it was you. Thats why.
Thank you mom for giving up so much just so you could raise me the right way. I will never be able to thank you enough for that. <U+2665>
You know what you should do....? :D LOL.
A young buck? I have 2 girls; 7 & 9; don't laugh, but never discount Baby Einstein product efficacy! It's quite pre-Montessori.
Last day in Hawaii, for real this time. Heading home tomorrow.
“: RIP Junior Seau. Former NFL player of the 94 Chargers. Brother you will be missed. <U+25B2>”Totally shocked, still had life 2 live
First swim of the summer!!!!!! Yeah
LA Times reporting Nick Montana commits to UW! Awesome job Coach Sark! AWESOME!
Fuck u #CTA and your messed up routines making me late!
Darn these stupid butterflies!
The Warriors lead the Spurs 89-87 with 8:56. If this is tied at the end of regulation, they should just flip a coin.
I'm not about 2 sit here and be lectured by u now. :D remember ? ily :*
Toured Maple Dale school on Port Rd. today. Sending 8 yr old daughter there next year. Seems like great school. Any MD parents out there?
On Wednesday, President Barack H. Obama said that he believes and supports same sex marriages in the U.S.
Karma has the Heat suffering a big injury since they had practically zero chance to beat the Bulls if Rose didn't go down.
Mega Millions winning ticket sold in my hometown. Congratulations! Checking with family and friends now.
awesome mag, Troy! Congrats!
Yes we all understand Beyonce is pregnant. Now shut the fuck up.
Lets go heat!
Thanks to all of wonderful patients for another great day.
yea . lol he asked me how our ''crew " was doing & He did a background check on my bf lmfao .
ok thanks just making sure
does MSET have an official twitter tag. I don't see much.
Watching Dexterr :) Season 2! Haha :) it was a good week :D
#BecauseOfNicki Everyone pretends to be unoriginal wanna be barbies
Why can't they ever get the magnitude right the first time? Quake downgraded to 4.0.
Are the leftovers calling your name? RT : Well the pizza in the fridge might make me go get it
Missed the first half of this Arsenal/Spurs game. That RVP goal was a beaut
Headed to the Mall for #SOTG2011's Gentlemen Prefer Blondes. What beautiful weather!!!
I didn't know lol. U tryna give me a ride tho
I actually liked paranormal activity 2, the whole prequel thing worked for me.
You wish Pittsburgh had a basketball team, but pull for Boston since they don't. Why you hating on Philly so hard?
I swear it's like when people get fat they completely lose the knowledge that when they bend over their ass crack will show.
Label Contest for Wine Diego. Accepting Labels email - to enter
..but most of all..I live for My God..Have a God Weekend Everyone and Keep Rockin'
unfortunately for right now :(
At the airport headed to Vegas!!! With happens in Vegas will definitely stay in Vegas!!!
Alas, is having Twitter issues.
On set shooting a sketch on Tosh.0 today!!!
working the beer fight tonight?
Photo shoot with today!
Thanks for the FAQ blog, totally answers some questions! Hope the studio holds open casting...either way hope u find your Lena!
Lunch ! Favorites so far: The Paris, Berlin, & Buenos Aires
#nowplaying Monopoly.....wait a minute.
This I-wear-my-knit-cap-in-the-summer bullsh*t has to stop immediately.
why thank you :)
I'm thinking of having a contest...
RT help us find #ChristianLopez Yankee fan we have a present for you! Nice guys finish 1st! contact
it'd be funny if people stood on the street corners and waited for work, I think that'd be taking it too far
That is exactly why lol #hidesfaceinshame RT Why? So you can revel in your A's? Get out of here. :-)
Okay, time to watch a ton of anime. Going to start Sankarea, which will bring my total anime being watched right now to being 33.
#2brokegirls is picked up for a second season! Congrats to & Full Circle Mgmt family
haha Not precisely, I'm a lady lmfao
How are my followers doing tonight? :D
Would you rather be something to everyone, or everything to someone?
RT“: Whoever wrote the comedy for tonight's Oscars should write obituaries.”
Protect your identity at Saturday's Shred-a-thon
<U+3010>RT<U+3011>If You're Online & Want More Followers
Haha, awesome! Thanks, I def will.
Get out of my
Tired of tryna make it Work.
I figure she'll be a badass by default with a name like Ludmilla, right?!
Launch party this Thursday with Enlightened Grain Spirits, 2Face-Art by Lucianne, and Candy's Cake Pops...are you on the list?
sweet dreams.
tweet me MAHONE SOLD OUT NYC!
Goddamnit why do I wanna call you so bad <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
sooner the better :)
AW, well. My eighth grade math teacher was an old, haitian man who was annoying as hell & we always messed with. <U+E414>
Who like Raquel?!!
IM HERE!
Sorry you feel crappy--at least you have one extra day this year to recuperate before your birthday!
A FedEx delivery guy just rode by on a bicycle. Love it, but I wonder where the packages are?
Stuart Stevens~ Pride is a powerful narcotic but it doesnt do much for the auto-immune system.
445 tweets generated 742,599 impressions, reaching an audience of 174,360 followers within the past 24 hours
The most I've waited for a ride all day was 10 minutes. I've been to 2 parks and I've rode every ride in both of them. Now to magic Kingdom
Omg that's si funny! Hahahaha!!!!!! I wanna do a test to see how long you could last!
Memorable acts are not on the main stage- think small moments in the museum- Amina
But do you think it will be the last?
Thank you for reviewing! We only sell one brand, and it's all good quality and Made in U.S.A.!
Let us know what you think of www.googlebump.com
LOTR because epic times are needed.
Aw shucks.
Andrew Zolli: the network is a political philosophy enabled by a technology, not a technology in and of itself.
Vito Russo to Arnie Kantrowitz, 1977: "California is contagious but I haven't caught it. At least not yet. I miss the dirty streets of N.Y."
About to go find a turkey egg and make an omelet
Remember, our kitchen's open whenever we're open. Come by for some Chicken and Waffles or a bowl of NM Red Chili made fresh from the pod!
#HowToSurviveAHorrorMovie check your corners, have a weapon, and wait to have sex till after the murderer is dead
It's a great night to bring the girls to ! We've got $4 wine, Cosmos, Appletinis & Bungalow juice 'til 7pm!
Once again, Happy birthday Janet Jackson.
aka "Dirty Sully"
we're design sisters!
A grenade thrown into a kitchen in France would result in Linoleum Blownapart.
I love your new pic. :)
Thank you!
I have goosebumps as I flip between the United and City matches.
Today is interview day for the new crop of doctoral students at DU. I can feel the anxiety in the air.
I'm built for more. I can take it.
Me n my bro hit a couple spots got #L'd up nigga u make it to da crip yet nigga lol......
Cannot wait to see the book!!!! Thinking Person's Guide to Autism...Thank you!
Thanks! We like that one too :)
I'm great how r u?
Coffee, another song down, tacos, flashlight taped to my console, and a couple of bug bites on my knuckles. Variety is the word of the day.
how was it?
hmm, how's the knee? Are you thinking about sprinting it?
haha its better not too ;)
Looks so cuddly!
Eagles fans going to love Mychal Kendricks. Just listening to him talk gets the juices flowing. Man seems filled with passion.
Comedian Harland Williams Live at the Paramount Friday April 2 @ 8pm. Doors open at 7pm. Tickets available at the box office or online.
thank you!
I wanna add to the collection lmao sike naw
Randy Cross needs to stfu.
Yes you do
I almost accidentally tweeted a text message. Shit would have got real, quick! lmao
lol. Awesome episode. Absolutely loved it.
premiere of Boyfriend on mtv (:
Totally not understanding Bledsoe at 18. Maybe DC to Indy, somehow getting Granger?
Must you be a sarcastic asshole when I'm like totally not in the mood to deal with anyone's bs?
Go ahead Cornelius, you can cry.
I just said semen puking asshole dickhead and dildo in a paper. Sweet. F the system
oh.my.gosh. Toews is modeling for Jamal's new clothing line....hahahahaha.
I'm pretty sure you have alot ti say!
Refs are pretty inconsistent tonight
THE CHICAGO BULLS ARE THE BEST TEAM IN THE NBA. PERIOD.
"Like" TBH: Rate: What I Think About You: How Fell About You: (STRANGERS Can Like Too)
the only risk is living next to Khajiits. Im not racist but ill be damned if im gonna let my daughter marry a feline humanoid.
Life is getting much more tranquil and quiet now.
RT : Choose to let the obstacles inspire you, not stop you.
aww omg I love ur profile pic! U and Jionni are so cute!! Love u both so much! Congrats on ur baby & engagement <33
- the company has been around 6 years. Primary biz is distro. Label is my passion. is 1st on
thank you Justin <3
Cannot get out of bed so I guess i will just have to watch The Lion King for the night...
Ok all better now, business attire off relaxed soft cotton lounge pants and tank on
Be patient....The Heat are going to win trust me.
Lmfao what I like about bosh he has a jumpshot
now that funny
Knowledge is pain and that is why it hurts to know.
Don't forget to check-in on to unlock the ’s drink specials!
I never thought of this before, but the term "deceleration" is pretty vague, isn't it? How would you define it?
watching Never say Never ! I miss the liitle Justin :/ Buht i.still absoulutly Love him ! ;)
": Thank you!! Best wishes to you and if you are ever up here in Seattle let us know were making films!
Today I dropped at least 5 references to alum and his #ultralightstartup book debut.
whatever he said happened.
A box of were delivered today, they are so pretty!
Thats what im talking about
no problem!
Thank you ADP for permanently locking me out of my account after failing secret question password recovery. Way to go.
What are your thoughts on malex? ;)
me too but I feel like I am cheating on by watching
I think that's why the British school system is so much better than ours.
hahaha, i'm willing to share my toys, i was just talking about sharing my toys with more people!!
My friends cat looks just like lady mary grantham. Honest.
hey bro. What's the name of these Apartments so I can check them out.
To ask or not to ask..
Each and everyday YOU CHOOSE. You choose your thoughts, actions, and ultimately your outcome. So, how is your day going?
well that's great news and thank for your continued concern and support, sweet friend <3 let's make more music some day!
Yup , Vanessa got game c:
Flight of the Concords just won an #oscar Yay!!
TEDGlobal 2012 Fellows Applications Opens Tomorrow!
hahahaha Obama's taking this country off a cliff and you're too blind to see it. Good job!
Everytime I hear the song check yes or no, I think back to the day it all started...
Get on the bus, get on the road to equality.
I had no idea Laredo had a festival! Any YA authors?
GRRRRRRRR!!! Let me at 'em!! I'll sort 'em out for you!!
ahahaha you already know<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Better get those finger tips in tip top shape. means serious biz.
#ChildHoodMovies Labyrinth, Willow, Goonies, Never Ending Story, Adventures in Babysitting, Lost Boys
How bad does the NHL need Boston, Philly, or NY to advance to the cup final?
Sunday's meeting time updated: arrive at 9, game design jam and extra sessions start at 9:30. Unconference ends at noon.
"What the hell is Sugar Island?"
For a cheap bell jet ranger, about $550-650. For an A-Star, $1,200.
I like that one.
Mike Cameron's advice for hitting HR number 4: Get shitfaced and see what happens.
Thank you Geno. Noon games have been very entertaining! I'm digging these Colts throwbacks
I really really really hope that happened.
We need to dispose of the idea that "if it wasn't part of my job description in 1985, it's not part of my job now."
CRTASA wishes everyone on Twitter a very safe and festive New Year's Eve Celebration tonight. And may 2011 bring you much joy & success!
quit messin' around and get a Droid, son.
Thanks to everyone who made the cooking demo a success! We will be offering a FREE cooking demo and tasting each month!
Perfect. will come find you.
what u get??
I feel like everyone has lived or lives on warren......
Damn Blake hurt
Great game!!! Not bad for a BCC team that had never played together.
"the smithsonian is the ultimate hoarder"
Track key metrics on a weekly basis, those high value activities that lead to engagements. The better your numbers, the better your luck
Hawks are gettn shitted on, awsome game to be at
LOL, I hope it's not the same person. Duck lips, 6" wedge heels and a box of coffees sounds like a lot to deal with :)
I have no doubt that the first broken bone would be due to my daughter telling him to go big or go home.
Don't play hard to get, play hard to forget.
would love it to be mine lol
Here comes triple h to start raw
or at least get a straw to slurp it up.
great find!
I'm good just been busy
heartbreak warfare
A: Not Detroit. RT Q: What city has the best public transportation?
You're my type of guy I guess if i was stuck in East Northumberland high for the rest of my life but people change Thank god i did
It still amazes me how fucking small vero is. Walk into the DMV and the only other person there is a kid I went to middle school/hs with -_-
Fame is so annoying because people are so critical of you. You can't just say, 'hi'.
9 hours to go!
RT: “: I am a librarian. And no, I don't fear the future. So stop trying to scare me by saying books are dead, libraries are dead"
I like to imagine some animals have huge egos
I saw the tweets and I thought it was wicked funny
Ovechkin on changing his style to fit Hunter's: "It was pretty hard, to be honest with you."
Sorry bout the Alfa. I remember you blowin' past me on the Bay Bridge in that thing w the top down. you were lovin it!
Why are you going to cut it D;
It's Friday evening and we've got some openings for tattoos and piercings so come by and get one and get 10% off too!
Thank you :) RT : the new album is sick!!
The President is going to ace this commencement speech, you can tell already. But honestly, did anyone expect otherwise?
I can't make fun of the movie if I haven't seen it! Saw it in 2000. Worst movie I've ever seen is "Eye of the Beholder."
Poor life choices, 3 hours sleep, 13 hours of work today. I got this.
Top dream tags: Mom Christmas, Mistress, Cops, Tiger, Eminem, Lady Gaga, Having Sex, Hell, David Boreanaz, Zombies -
At this point, "Never Say Never" is bullshitting it a bit.
first pick is an "F" Phil not a good start
Good seeing you the other day. Let me know when you want to do a real west coast road trip
Dear Delmon Young: seriously dude? Signed, your teammates, Tigers fans, and your fantasy owners. (I'm in that 3rd category)
#Random thought .. is there a good dubstep remix of boombastic? ... bc there should be
I'm just happy anyone else is wearing sneakers.
A lot of our children walk into school with "education" being the least important thing in their minds because of their poverty situation.
LMFAOOO THANK YOU BEWW, AND IMMA ASK HIM FOR ADVANCED CLASSES
Lol, it's not for everyone. Side note, opion would be if u said it's skany. But u were judgmenttal because u called them skanky.
Good to know! We're heading back to doc on Friday so I will mention.
I went there after tOSU to get my teaching license -- but it was the Columbus branch.
Why are you on a flight to Los Angeles right now? Wanna take a detour and stop by San Diego for a bit instead? It'll be fun!
do you know what it's like to loose yourself, to be locked on target for hours only to look up without sleep and see that another day begins
Love it! Piñatas do liven up any event.
SEM TALK ON FRIDAY.
do RT : We are filming first #Foodiechats movie in Chicago for 1-Year Celebration May 7th with Who...
I hate texting you first . it feels like I'm bothering you ... /:
I want them red deions and then Jason kidds
Anyone have a direct contact at the #DelanceyStreet Foundation? Much appreciated.
Thanks Andrea! I checked they have A fine balance at the library. I placed a hold and gonna pick it up this weekend! Thanks...
:) thank you and we are happy you liked!
Sonic #Baltimore Try our new menu items-The Ring Leader Burger-The Loaded Burger-Crispy Jalapeno Strips-Double Stuffed Oreo Cookie Blast
If you #throwbackthursday more than one or two things, goodbye. Unless its music. I'm always down for de good classic suggestions :) <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7>
Am I ever going to sleep like a normal human #tired <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Just in: wins Audience Favorite Dramatic Short at the !! Congrats to our cast and crew. Thx to our AZ fans!
in Punta Cana this week - no Chi Town on the horizon what about 'choo?
Terrible? Horse-opoly is our FAVORITE Monopoly version! ...perhaps we're a bit biased...
Your purple shoes don't match your outfit.
ck prahalad, stu hart= disruptive analysis of the potential markets in bottom billion when launched in 02-look at the change since!
Man oh man, will this rain ever stop!? Im going to the beach or somethin'! ASAP!
Dan the coffee man who shares with cancer patients is amazing! I'm inspired
Anybody got an update on how Peyton's meeting with Titans went?
omg tell me about it
I also do pretty good videos so that might work for u
how you doin bro, been praying for you hope all is going well!
it was so scary!! Lol
The Stanley Cup Playoffs. There's nothing like it.
Monday morn at the new job is fine, but I do miss my weekend recaps with :(
got it already!
ii was gonna take a pic of it but the lady said no.:(
So this year and next year Im going to do x factor, American idol, and maybe the voice :)
in God's eyes NO sin is bigger then the next, so while you smokers and drinkers are judging the homosexual in God's eyes y'all are the same!
Came back from dance rehearsals and singing rehearsals !!! Wow I'm tired !!!! Good day , good life ! Thanks god !
sweet heart if anyone's ugly it's me not u
Oh that's cool. Don't text me for months, and than when you need something you act all buddy buddy with me
thanks! Might check it out after all!
is really pretty. you should marry her
Unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow. - Ronald E. Osborn
There is no truth to the rumor that Chase has eliminated Grey Poupon; you just have to ask for it & pinky swear you're against regulators
We are not a free people contrary to what the sheeple think.
some people just need to move on and not whine about stuff ..... life is way to short
God is in control of ALL things whether you believe or not. I really dont care. thats your deal to deal w in the after life.
i am so sick and tired of been sick -___-
Cuddling up to my new jewelry supply catalog - just arrived in the mail today :-)
oh hello (;
Good luck you scholar!
Mama. Can I cry on your shoulder. I'm gonna miss you and Austin. Texas is going to miss y'all! ):
Using a red ink pen for edits should be banned. My pages look like they've been through a blood bath.
Any chance you can follow back so we can DM? I definitely want to make sure this issue is taken care of.
So glad Dare to Be had such an awesome start last night. You inspire me!
I would love to meet the teenage versions of my parents....
The celtics came to play .
occasionally....from time to time
Yeah, sorry buddy. If you want to make a proof pic. I'll accept it. *shrugs* Gotta be cautious on the web.
aww Alex! You made my Sis day! She's got the biggest smile on her face right now! Thank you!:)
I hope Matt doesn't get a heavy sentence because Lisa deserved to die. #GH We also have killers like Jason & Luke roaming free for years.
Tamari, Commie, Illusion, and Katie. (The last one is my favorite)
Award winning author. I have posted Chapters 1- 2 of And So It Was Written. I would love to have your comments.
Iv Been Out Here All Day & Ii Finally Found My Dress. =) Happy.
Osama Osama Red Pajama.
Yea, i opened a credit card with a terrible rate just so i could get bonus miles and a free trip to jamaica. hopefully. see you there NYE
Lord, I thank you for never leaving my side; For being there, when no one else was!
Anyone going to tonight??
Klex sounds like a type of flying dinosaur xD lol i cant with these bitches >
you rocked the white outfit. Loved it! I only wish I could do it myself!
I am TORN what to TUNE to! Bentwave or Innamissions Radio BOTH are AWESOME!
I should open up a JJ's Chicken and Fish in
Good. Night.
Happy birthday!! I hope you are having a great day!
if i was in the track meet tomorrow, i would be so exausted!! lol
Thanks for following us Jordan, we look forward to connecting with you!
Unfortunately, w had to reschedule. We'll keep you posted!
They work for me as long as its not used everyday.
Can not believe I have clients"that love us,great work!" bookkeeper trying to get them to pay, & they are trying to poach her! NYC lawyers!!
Got a job interview today at 1 i wanna thank the lord for this blessing :)
Best ELUNA ever for seeing good friends. You guys rock.
Why can't I have a life like one in a tv show??!!
Heading over to the south side of campus to celebrate the ground breaking of the new #ATEC building!
your welcome(:
Tonight will join NYC; follow us through out the night for updates on the event!
you direct videos too??
thanks for the RT
is a bully she trying to burn me with her straightener ah help!!!!!
for sure. nice work!
Bae lol I'm just messing with you darnell
So much fun tonight singing My Generation!!!
#NF Go Follow
Off to a #norsled dog adoption fair
U Did now u could call me Lol
When others let up ~ that's when you need to pour it on. Go Do.
I have a new entry on the San Diego Eviction Blog.
Don't See A Lot Females Fighting For A Good Man... They Killing Each Other For The No Good Men... Smh
Salute the G preciate the followback
RT : RT : Now that the Content Strategist role is emerging in corporate, this is a second career wind for the Journalist
I wish I had my head phones..
Mainly bread is right. if they weren't $5, I'd be making my own hero sandwich.
don't give up!
How the hell can one call oneself a revolutionary and a #Republicrat? like a black K member or an educated christian... wtf?!?!
My pleasure John, looking forward to meeting you at #CMworld in Columbus!
where did you hear that?
Mass & football player offseason commitment signing tomorrow...will be a great day!!!
year strong just on today fm. Random surprise for the drive home haha :)
R.I.P Steve Jobs. Thanx 4 All Da Hard Work & Dedication/Effort You Put In During Your Life In Order 2 Satisfy Others..
#CbusMarathonTMT - I finished the Nationwide Insurance Columbus Marathon with 3:47:28 for an overall pace of 8:41 per mile!
It takes a lifetime to know your partner; but it’s not needed at the cost of losing yourself
word, im gunna check him out. Check out Stuck to the sidewalk was his first tape.
love your coverage! Are you hiring? I cover local govt, civic news. Thanks so much!
Dear , I think you are amazing, and when I am a famous chef, I am going make you the greatest vegetarian meal ever. Love, Vick
Think I'm staying clear of all the #BlackFriday crowds today, they can get brutal
all recovered from cinco de mayo?
Hate to say it!But i'm kind of diggin this rain...
Any and all in the Catering business we would like to support all of you. If our company has not , DM us for a Tasting
Cleaning the Blu-ray/DVD shelves. It`s amazing to me how quickly crap builds up on this stuff. Screw dust.
Oh man, the entire album! It's been 12 years since the release and its still SO FRESH!
Give me the luxuries in life and I will gladly give up the necessities. ~FLW
Plot plot theme plot BOO theme BOO BOO theme despair chase BOO BOO BOO CLIMATIC BOO kiss end.
:*) thanks Peter. That means a ton.
O'Hare Airpot with Kaleigh... Be Safe! LOVE YOU!!!
Would like to wish everyone a merry Christmas and safe holiday season.
Glad to hear that the surgery went well. May healing proceed quickly. *hugs*
It was a blast - don't worry I'll bring the potato salad and the noise to your board BBQ in July too!
Just finished our interview on Forward with !! Thanks for having us on and being a great host!
NEW!The 9 Worst Ways to Use Facebook for Business
I just made a cubicle around my desk at home so I feel like I work in an office. My dog is my secretary. She makes a terrible cup of coffee.
i need to go to sleep, but im not
I agree about Fieri, and I hate his jewelry too.
RT : That was a significant shaker
Thank you. Did so. Looks like a great book. and a kindred spirit.
Super challenging class tonight with Goldie, but we loved every minute of it!
Lotsa internet meme costumes. Seen at least 3 Nyan Cats. Love it.
#ItGetsMeMadWhen people repeatedly ask what's wrong and I'm just relaxed. I would probably talk about it if something was wrong. Lol
Switching from Verizon to Sprint so my phone will be down for a couple hours. If you need me, send me an email.
print print print!
I love you <3(: I wanna skype you again! It's been to long
Exactly. Anyone who says otherwise walks apart from the Truth.
"It’s not just being funny. It’s being proud of your stuff & doing things that other people couldn’t do.” Ricky Gervais. HBO's Talking Funny
I'm pretty sure "lovers" is a word old people we're related to use specifically to make us never want to have sex again.
when i read this I thought it said "I KILLED MYSELF" I was like "Dude, are you okay and how are you tweeting.." lol
Aw... that's sweet.
#greatidea! :) RT : Somebody's got a birthday coming up! #PartyPie?
The wind woke me up & it's a good thing cause my garbage can was making a run for it down the street *I know your motives now you can!*
that's my nigga
I am not too awfully unhappy with the election results tonight. Fancy that!
Performing tonight at the Harlem Tavern with the sugartone brass band. 7-10 free 99
8 years to go...
I'm to nice to ppl sometimes smh.. oh well going home now
Happy Spring Break! Enjoy the time off, and of course stay safe!
Assyrian Proverb~ Za dvumya zaitsami pogonishsya ne odnogo ne poimaesh. (If you chase two rabbits you will not catch either one.)
i have a party bus in miami call me 786 223 1654
Thanks for the request, but I'm not doing FB anymore. This and email best way to stay connected for me.
We look forward to seeing you there!
Tomorrow night kicks off the Eischens Yoga trial classes at 7:30pm! Can't make it? Come to our other trial class 8:00am Thursday!
Just found my moms stash I solos This is gonna be a busy night..
Sorry. I got glorious hair.
Happy Friday!
This fly in my house <<<<<
Oh god thats like Chris sans tattoos. I need to be at work by 945 am so let my know early
Yup, Populazzi's mine. Would love if you could find it there!
lol how's the life lol you pretty Much say it all on fb lol
so excited to watch your season tonight! More importantly hoping you all the love & happiness you deserve!
:c im sorry
I'm just another kid that's going thru life so worried that I won't be accepted
I'm sorry for letting anything get between us. I love her and always will. <U+2665>
I smashed my finger:(
:) i love reading! I am looking forward to checking out your books. I am always looking for new authors!
We are SO glad you think so :-) Thanks for letting us know! “: help desk ROCKS!”
Did i just almost cry at a chipotle commercial?
that looks EXACTLY like a zune player!
no way!
Like creating a key for the whole blog site, then another key per blog entry, then u could search key combo for replications
Good job tonight that was cute!
cuz i dont know anyone there all the ppl i know go to frontier
Fish Fry at YST to benefit Tulsa Area United Way in now going on. $7.50 will get you a plate full of goodness for lunch!
Some mistakes are too much fun to only make once
It like they all doing there own thing, its crazy.
yes! My wife laughed when I spotted one at night in the rain, saying how could I see her from that far. My reply: "she's pale"
You get full access to the site, unlimited downloads for a yr. RT : Hey what's included with your free membership.
Don't miss performing live at Rumbas at westpalm beach!
can't wait to see you in head to toe cortnal gear!!!
Bcuz AZ, NM, TX is Mexico?? She's the perfect example of why we need to study AMERICAN history which btw includes the SW
#rememberwhen the hardest decision we had to make was what we wanted to watch, wear to school, or where we wanted to eat at.
moes boyfriend of just told me all of my dancer friends are weird.
This week's www.DocumentaryTelevision.com examines The Oprah Winfrey Network, set to launch in 2011
America west arena, Pheonix?
smokey mountains? are you guys coming to Atlanta? your so close!
It's Monday, which means is wrapping up the weekend in the sports world. Let's Go!
ahem, this was a donation from Oma. And a set of 16mm Eumig lenses. FROM 1951 AUSTRIA. Your move. (Also its my fav game too)
The Denver Broncos fire GM Brian Xanders this afternoon
Headed home from animal kingdom it was a great day
3 golden globes
": If you're brave enough to say good bye, life will reward you with a new hello"
Eating tacos then gym.
YOU THE BEST!!
Good morning! Quick question for today: What is everyone's favorite kind of art?
Think like a man ...act like an #asshole yup
My dog got her heartworm pill and Frontline today. Have you given your dogs their monthly treatments? An ounce of prevention! :-)
haha yes! We can only hope that we keep moving in the right direction...one game at a time
this ish is confusing! At least I think I figured out how to respond.....
hey,are you lookin for tracks?
Are you guys at the game right now?
An AT&T land line seems to be good for one thing: Generating calls from sales people. If only cell coverage were consistently good.
Some stories truly never get old! Love it. :)
Killer Klowns from Outer Space freaked me out as a toddler!
Mortgage Rates Recover Appreciably From Yesterday's Weakness
: The 1930 CANOEING WITH THE CREE Just rec'd letter from two young women to attempt it this summer. Sign it!
Thank you for the #FF. The Mariner content on Sodo Mojo is outstanding. Go #Mariners!
I'm not even laughing -_-
LMAO! CHILL RT I give up then
Did mosquitoes get placed on the endangered species list? This insectless Wisconsin summer is kooky awesome.
There is no such thing as ugliness. Everyone can be beautiful in their own way. (:
are you in Atlanta
Dayummm, Castro with the glove scoop and toss for the out!!! So fine.
Musicians w/the same name: Either somebody change yr name or start playing the same instrument. Because I DO NOT enjoy editing site tags.
she's jealous shes banned from our BBQ
Hi Susan! Thanks for the follow.
The awkward moment when my math teacher is in Ian's pizza #kember why the fuck r u out
Wish I had some McDonalds :/
me, too.
Happy Monday! Make it great!
haha I try :)
was looking on 4SQ to see if it was worth the trip up there. My analysis said no-go, but wanted you to validate.
that's huge...its gonna be Friday tho cuz I got finals and won't be home yet
I'm going to play chess over the summer. I shall become an expert. The end.
hahaha that's funny has fuck!!!!
yea I will I know she is real busy I don't want to bug her to much.
MAE MAE <333
Just got pitched phoners for a movie that will not be screened. But I'm sure David Hasselhoff and Gary Busey do quality work in it.
It's cool when verified accounts that I don't follow or tweet follow me
Yea we'll take it RT : Yall Still Gone Get Da Slot?
Can I get a follow back from the thanks for the RT
We have major problems with food production & animal cruelity in the country. Foie Gras is not one of them. Let's
In residential setting there is flexibility, but conceptually it is not a room if you can touch both sides. Corridor?
Metro Boston to Send a Reader into Space
My first galette since leaving France = amazing.
What's Mindy watching?
Free Fallin' by John Mayer will never get old
Good Morning! Have a nice Wednesday!
My pleasure! We like to support startups with great ideas at
For all the deals Google Brandon Card + Jethro Baits and see Brandon in the Jethro Boat ! Over the top!
I drove seven and a half for the weekend surprise,
My favorite thing to do after a nap is immediately take a second one
Yard sale went good, could've been better though. Now back to the nightlife I concentrate.
lol that was hilarious
What? I didn't say they were bad or doing anything wrong. They're letting WBA have the ball and countering and it's odd.
Glad it's Friday, but could use another Wed and Thurs to avoid weekend homework.
Air Force vs. Navy....first leg for the Commander in Chief's trophy. Falcons look to break the losing streak against the Mids.
. Props to on the video then too! Well done to the video team on the Road to #FirstKick :-) See ya'all in Dallas!
If you want to see last nights concert I did. Go to youtube. My screename is manumaman100. Tell me wut u think.
#hategettingtold I'm so glad we are just friends.
Auto-spelling fail: "Our studies build on a number of desperate research spaces."
Get Rock Hard Abs with Elite Personal Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
Makes me think of how fantastic it was to just *read* Nabokov's lectures on literature...
Someday somebodys gonna wana make you turn around and say goodbye. Until then baby, are you gonna let them hold you down & make u <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>?
Got new headshots sent them to you through facebook when you get a chance tell me what you think. :)
Waiting for the garbage truck to leave so I can record my VO audition!!! Boo garbage truck!
CHOKED IT! Tiger would have made it.
ikr lolz ....he come out of no where
Please follow me i love You.!!!!
Kind of slept on getting a room for ALA in Anaheim. Any tips or suggestions?
"They lost him. He was gone."
I thought it was frequent flyer .thanks Bob
What's the point of using the phrase "I was gonna say" followed by what you wanted to say anyway?
Twitter > Homework
Sometimes you just wanna say FAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACKKKKKKKK it. Nah mean?
tank you.C:
no cause I know the answer
I follow both u two lovely ladies..
hope i never lose my
LIVE Aug Fri.20 - Sat.21 9pm & 11pm PAUL CARR, known for his hard-charging and soulful post-bop style. www.TwinsJazz.com
How many "Followers" do YOU have?
Watching my show
The only thing I'm doing this weekend is sleeping. And I swear if someone wakes me up, it's going to be ugly.
I'm forever available ;D
Oh!!! RT : The Broncos have agreed to terms with free agent CB Drayton Florence.
...the sweet smell of burning engine oil. I think it's time for a new car.
Looking forward to Warped Tour like it's my wedding day.
thank you <U+E056>
Thanks for the screen shots guys! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
very disappointed in myself for missing chuck norris's birthday. I'll make up for it now
when ever I get the chance to slide through
that is awesome :)
Good Morning World:)
Hanging out with Rachael at Eastfield College.
If you want to, that is, haha.
I'm not expecting any delays in the A, S, S, (Shuttles in Time's sq and Bk). I had Mexican last night.
Look forward to it! Will have to start gathering supplies (and inspiration) now ;)
no prob boo
ohh. then dogs.
I've moved to Denver, the Mile High City, does that mean I'm a member of The Mile High Club?
Congratulations to the 10 talented new members of YG now joining us for our spring 2012 season. Welcome aboard!
California chicken cafe :)
okay sure :)
Monday's suck. I am however excited to see what this Jay-Z, Labor Day Festival is Philadelphia is all about though.
Nice tool w/ photo notes, too. MT The app LocPix - search & view digital photo archive of Library of Congress - free in iTunes.
Shout Out 2 all of TeamLilKim & TeamJanetJackson!! We taking over twitter!! It's Wake-n-Bake time!!
Ok, Honolulu attempt no. 2. If this lousy airline don't make it, I'mma swim...
Wait a minute, Scrimshaw is the number 11 hot google trend. How did all of those eskimos 1800s whalers get onto the internet?
Just figured out how to make two cupcakes at a time in the toaster oven. This could be dangerous.
it is but its also kinda sad bc Bella gets skinny and her face looks like someone drank all her blood
Jeremy Lin thinks that this Peyton Manning this is getting too much coverage.
Guys go crazy over a girl's smile
I tried to wake up early today.
I speak to everyone in the same way, whether he is the garbage man or the president of the university.
Where all the hoes at? That don't give a fuck where their clothes at
#Mississippi Bitch if u really want sum
Earlier the makeup person combed my bedhead.
I feel ya homie.. I'm still grinding wit this music, n making money..
I'm gonna miss you. Come visit us in San Antonio every once in a while??
all I can afford is appreciation, a small gift and card, and love!
hope the boys can let Edmonton have it in their house. Have a great flight and a great game on Thur.
Yeah exactly, your car overcompensates to maintain the speed if it's going up/down a hill so it uses more gas.
Happy New Comic Day! Stop in and buy some new stuff like Justice League issue 5.
Johnny Depp is going to be on Ellen today :D yayyyyy xD hahah
Here's to the Mahomies that support Austin through: drama, rumours, girls, time zones, distance, hate, arguments. Everything.
meeting was a success. ball is rolling. remember, if you can donate time, instruments, food, expertise, please DM!
Everyone follow
My mom hates me. >:(
The can opener was invented 48 years after the can
Bahaha alright. And okay MOM geez.
All you Carmona supporters: Do you REALLY support someone who would caucus with Harry Reid? REALLY? Get real.
Guys who are at least 6'2" >>>>
I hate when my phone accidentally calls someone...
my girl does that shit all the time. Love it! <3
A lot of people complained it was over produced. If they didn't double track vocals it would sound perfect. Listen with one earbud sometime.
I hope your talking about the Jason Kapono interview
saw that on your Facebook, if my house was pet friendly I would steal that cute punkin.
Promise, its gonna be a long night!:/
Thanks to Joseph Property Development for sponsering our 5th annual #Cuts4aCause!
are you losing your phone?
": Fxck Fruit Of The Loom . Hanes Got The Best Underwear & Socks Also Sports Bra . #SeriousTweet" lmao is it tht serious
Thanks! And, yeah, it's no fun.
#Euphoriclife Get on Board
Thanks! I look forward to following your posts, as well.
check out my zombie survival website at - www.sandovalnation.webs.com
Next up: Kentucky/UConn - remember, when you hear the 2 min warning, get a shot for just $2!
Texas Hold Em: Tips on making it look like I know how to play really well!?!?
follow back I'm Lily's best friend from school
Vanilla custard with rainbow jimmies from ritas.
& coming up next
oh snap thats not good :(
crap? A hot Big Mac?
Guess What¿ I just ed your numbers and you fucking lost hard cocksmoke. Soree.
Strange days.
I went to three proms back in high school haha some kid I work with asked me to go with him
How about you vote the will of the people for a change and vote against SOPA/PIPA. You're a rep not a leader, remember?
read-only means they can't comment, either
Follow Back please <3
fuck spelling bee :(
RT : amazing to be asked, time and again, what are your ideas for digital projects and how can we help?
i think that when we tweet on here we should put -(our name) so we know who's who :) -kaycie
as I hate people who hate blacks discriminate completely! :(
I washed both car today now I'm tired as fuck
Don't let moments pass you up to fix things before those things become worse & worse to you.
#imagine *austin tweets* Austin:i love all my mahomies but i love one girl more and thats *yourname* :) -anna
Thanks to for the RT to 6,413 followers. That's a power RT!
The blame game is real
Thats an amazing start to your day!
Coffee. Coffee, music, and slow moving.
"in the next 100 days I will seriously consider losing my cool"
Tonight's WINTER BENJY NIGHT. Hockey! Food! Drinks! Colleagues! More Hockey! We'll see you there.
I want to work for you
Henrik Ibsen~ One should never put on ones best trousers to go out to battle for freedom and truth.
tywebb75: IMO, the timing is right; the excitement is already building! RT ...too early to start the #sla2010 re-tweeter ...
I just need to get through today and then I have a day off.
Today's special relationship word is POSITIVE
you like that one
Our healthcare search practice continues to see an uptick in organizational restructurings
What the fuck, people?
lmao so dumb.
Thx for the follow!
We suck at driving! We miss every exit and end up in riverside...why?
That is a good idea. Thanks for bringing it up!
You ladies have a good night! Take drink for me lol
In the bed
So nice to see so many students on campus at #UMBC today!
me ... II want i love u , u r awesome! Please follow me?
#Midterms = finished. Thank you Jesus.
it really is a great lake. Hello Milwaukee.
Interrogating that assumption.
No, thank you for the follow!! We love to connect with other local businesses
Just filled out 3 brackets
Enjoy! We hope you have a great time with
Disabled Google Buzz today, not sure why it took me this long...
I'll DM it to you .
I would dominate that
#angelsandgentlemen drops east coast tonight at midnight. Going to be amazing.
"Mitt Romney , your a racist" video is hilarious
. just brought the office cupcakes from
with a longer lifespan, level of enjoyment and has appreciated in value over the last 8 years!
Newbury is sporting Apple-Cinnamon flavor! Tis the fall (season), but the rise of deliciousness. Try it with the fresh figs we just got in.
Show me a man who calls himself a vegan and I'll show you a man who's trying to sleep with a vegan
Who do you have winning for this weekend's games? Check out our freerolls and our great fantasy football games for this weekend!
great picture
Cheaper phone from Apple should be a negative for the stock. Market has got this one wrong. AAPL should decline...
I personally don't like the cp3 trade why couldn't we just send Pau and not odom until we got superman
Hey there, (cburwick), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
nice.... You should post it on YouTube....
thanks guys!! ;o)
Hey Patrick you know what's funnier then 24? What? 25!!
Nail, eyes, an toes on my agenda today its a must gotta keep it cute !!!!!
You cannot produce a baby in one month by impregnating nine women.
And I am now incredibly curious...Haiku Laureate?? Do tell...
I was overwhelmed by the ARTISTRY of War Horse onstage, and overcome by the STORY of War Horse the film. Have u seen that yet?
I'm sure I'm exaggerating. But I'm needy. Girls got needs too.
we say we hate high school, that its boring and the people are bitches, but admit it - you're going to miss it when it ends
Weight Loss Forums Helpful In The Battle Of The Bulge
Crosby's travel agent looking for bargain vacations. He'll be free in about 10 minutes.
Glad to have you aboard! Send DALN social media coordinator an email @ to get started!
But fuck them morals. Show me your orals!
Oh another for #Peyton Manning #peytonpitch two words plus ball travel bettrt in thin air
you don't like milito?
what's dr who?
104 right under the Americu sign.
I thought the harp dude was gonna be lame....I was wrong....totally cool.
u r followed- u need to give my team a chance :)
A person without a sense of humor is like a wagon without springs. It's jolted by every pebble on the road. ”
CDPII is a global project, operating in Paraguay, Kenya, Ethiopia and Tanzania.
"The sound of my name on her lips did something weird to my body. If my heart would beat fast ..."
I Love Justin as much as he loves his family+beliebers+himself+music+food+scauter+usher+kenny+selena+friends+... and that's alot
Did you know Graham crackers and Kelloggs cereal were both invented to curb people's sex drives?
and #rest351, could you provide examples from the text to support this statement? :)
Goodmorning Austin is trending worldwide AGAIN :D great way to start a boring Monday isn't it ;)
Y'all be worried about the wrong shit..
We think should attend the Art of Beer along with our state legislature and UC Davis MIND faculty. Care for a beer mayor?
Headed to target practice and to throw tomahawks WITH (not at) my hubby. This should be a memorable experience!
Girl please, that's my second job. ;D.
Triple H > ....It's not even close
I wonder if she think of me as half as much as I think of her
Thanks -- i look forward to seeing It.
I love #cigs and I #wish i had one #fuck #school. Cereal Bowles
How is it that I am ready for bed earlier on a friday than weekday nights?? Oh that's right exhaustion plus alcohol. Goodnight folks!! ;)
Kim Kardashian&#39;s SECRET PLAN TO HAVE KANYE&#39;S BABY (Video ...
I'm learning to love the way You would.
#thankful for our 1700 #followers in the last couple days:)
": i can help you with that. i wont even make you pay <3"awh, you're such a great friend<3
I'm not ignoring you, I'm just waiting for you to talk to me first.
haha...that is so gross, but so funny
Dope game easy bt the rap game crazy...
I cant find your profile but rt rt
Sorry man, already cut it! Thanks though!!!!
are you gona watch the Devils game 2nite? Brodeur is a boss! Who is ur fav player??
My cuzzo is prego & still says she has "Boy problems" -_____- I wanna slap her lil Puerto Rican ass...
just ordered my subscription today--can't wait for my free gym bag!! miss you SF!!!
Congrats to Kershaw & Kemp from the Dodgers for making the All Star team!!!
Once again #Knicks arent closing out quarters right
Thank you :)
Happy Mothers Day !
RT : I like this whole Monday Night NASCAR thing. Get Hank Jr. In studio, let's cut a theme song and make it official
Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! To all my new followers! Shout me out so I can follow back!
Naming products is really, really difficult. I think I'm decent at it but boy is it a struggle.
Taking advice on love and how to make it.
* inhales & exhales * my bestfriend just made me feel soo much better .
Watching Steve Jobs special on 60 minutes. He reminds me so much of a boss I once had it's scary!
Life Member gameday parking at Alumni Hall is no longer available today. The lot is now full.
dnt say that.nwe just have to tweet about our ovaries and he will rt us. He is horny. Lol
Me and on this bikini mission don't hate cause u ain't
what's up with Stevie? Is he just getting old and needs a rest?
what's the address bro?
yh yup she loves those kinds of movies<U+263A>
didn't end up reading it... So YOU should tell me how it is!
yay jenna von oy n the one brother from blossom are going to be on 'til death tonite w mayim bialik
love this!
hey! Happy new year to u 2, I hope you had a good Christmas 2
How about some creamy n cool Tiramisu Gelato and a $1.00 Doppio to kick in to gear after lunch? M....Delizioso!
you too!
RT : #IGoToCoralParkWhere my teacher leaves first than tha students...
Seems a waste, me sitting at home, doing some volunteer web design, doing some volunteer grant writing, doing research, posting and comment…
you're wrong, buddy.
I need ya email address em me
but there's no custard near their hotel right?
via twitter.
Follow my big hearted, loyal friend She's a great writer who loves science and tech. Mistress of all trades, she is...
HAPPY BIRTHDAY DAD!
Lyme Disease Awareness Month: Six Tips You Need To Know To ...
Don't forget to get your Terrible People fix today. Episode 2 is online. www.terriblepeopleshow.com
. speaking up for
Made in memphis!RT Thanks for playin Rick Dees' Disco Duck yesterday afternoon!!! I was whuppin' it UP, while drivin'
It is truly magnificent how many affordances exist in the human form for cuddling babies.
The #SOPA Blackout is looking to be the most productive day I've had in years!
The only way to overcome any kind of fear is actually to step into it.
Team No Sleep, at least for the next week, and hopefully for many more weeks.
Stick tight for a bunch of cool shit from us soon. :)
Yay! Go Trish. RT : Finally! Actually sat down and wrote again. Felt good. 507 words. Got my quota.
Thanks for reaching out.
#S_U_P_E_R_S_H_O_U_T_O_U_T TO THE SEXY
IM THE BIGEST ROBERT GIRL(: #RobertsGirl!!!!
you forgot to say don"t lie now you will never know the truth
$NASV going hard after breaking .01! Looks like .0125 is the first resistance. Looking to break it asap!
I added back episodes of Big Bang Theory. :)
I have my mom jamming to a snoop song. Lol
yep Love is what it is!
RT #Leo motto: I dont got time for wimps or pussys. Be strong or go home!
not ripping the actual broadcast. See my last couple tweets. Making fun of them for looking miserable.
follow back(:
You need to try one of those bacon-wrapped hot dogs they sell outside Staples center. They're the #truth!
": ": I ain't got one either, so what's good«««u foreal
My brother now blatantly denies that before the season started I said "the Kings are my dark horses." Don't care, I have proof.
Happy St. Patricks Day!!!! Keep the "Green" of St. Patricks Day all year with a beautiful lawn and yard courtesy of Baca's Trees
I draw the line at goat.
There so much to do I don't know where to start, so I wont lol
Way to go Nephew Jack! Congrats on you graduation! I hope the world is ready for you! Go get em!
Watching my Taylor play with a little 4 year old girl at the park.He's gonna be SUCH a great Daddy :) I can't wait to have a baby with him<3
Sometimes I'm sorely tempted to send "let me google that for you" links as a response to my neighborhood listserv. I resist.
It's not fair to me . & I don't care what you think . If I'm being mean then I'm being mean .
Why aren't my twitter & FB accounts no longer connected together???
Wiz's verse in Pay phone >>>
sounds like
Just woke up bouta go to sleep
No that was link I gave him in PM. It is reason I dont give identity. I will direct message reason
Be a door opener for your students.
Corey Tropp sent away for slashing. #Marlies to the powerplay looking to double up in the first.
After two periods of play the #Badgers lead Minnesota 4-0. Wisconsin gets goals from R. Little, Mersch and Zengerle in the period.
Listening to a podcast where a guest was introduced as being in the business for 23 years-scary, that isn't impressive anymore.
What is this? LOL
no problem, I got you bro
I do not intend to tiptoe through life only to arrive safely at death
10/8/2010 How the Grateful Dead Pioneered Viral Marketing The Daily Feed (Minyanville)
Patience with others is Love, patience with self is Hope, patience with God is Faith.
it was awesome over here! Flying back home today :-(
The search for happiness is one of the chief sources of unhappiness. ~ Eric Hoffer
Let's go Dukes!!!
Currently jammin' to Marvin Gaye...I could listen to this man all day...<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7>
Seeing people from the ball park makes these 34 days seem much longer. I JUST WANT MY BASEBALL BACK.
Crime involving horses being stolen has gone down over the past few years......nobody wants to be in prison for jacking a horse.
YES YES and YES i'm going on a very expensive crawl tonight.
Never mind. See that he uses Y in the search string. I have no opinion, of course. :).
Last night was fun Af, & all I could think about was my Summer nights gonna b full of those
I been following you bro... Much love and respect!
If I die today I bet the world end tomorrow..
I could possibly be signing on a house today if everything goes as planned
How is earnhart jr doing
you aren't the only one.
Just learned about it today!
what are you cooking? #justcurious ;D
There is always some specific moment when we become aware that our youth is gone; but, years after, we know it was much later
And away they go...
I think Buffalo Wild Wings is behind this power outage.
You heard of Too $hort? I'm too long I'm in the club all black goin Akon Like headlights I'm too on
congrats to editors & beautiful work!
*iPhone falls to the floor* Breaks screen. *android falls to the floor* Breaks floor.
Current mood, annoyed. Lol
Did the USA just take the Back to the Future car to the 50's cause socially and politically,it sure feels like it.
Please help us by facebook liking our site :p
Mother's Day weekend. Most everyone I know is having a party or going out of town...TeresaY
Baron Davis just fucked his shit up!!!
hahahaha not all asians have silky hair :p
Hah! To each his/her own. I used to needlepoint, but can't get behind this project. ;)
Severe Thunderstorm Warning until 4:45pm for Champaign, Logan and Union Counties.
Lovely Ariel Bowman <3
Kinda hoped the 500th Simpsons episode would contain humor. Spoiler - it didn't. Family Guy to the rescue...dolphin Gervais saved the day!
you know you have our vote for #obama2012, can we get a follow for the new year?
...and hasn't twittered since?!
you guys are doing such a great job! Keep up the hard work
's Hall of Fame Librarian and Librarian of the Year are ~both~ former OPLIN Board members. Just sayin'
Friday Night Fiasco tournament tonight 9pm easten! Message rS Messatsu or BEATDOWN Stream to enter
I think everything administrative is hard for small businesses. It's often $0 per hour work.
Pulling an all nighter for B-Fest... and the movies haven't even started yet! Hopefully we'll have something good for you by morning!
Faith and positive words WILL move the mountains you face in life
Creed walks into a bar...there's no punchline because ruining music isn't funny. BURN!!
Beautiful bar full of beautiful people.
Just got more expensive to challenge a competitor's Ad. B/NAD increase fee from $3,500 to $5,000 (for non-partner, fee is $6,000 - $20,000
only having to wipe once >>>>>>>
SOMEONE TALK TO ME
THANK YOU! Why only 1 (not intuitive at all) way to do something so basic? Abt ready to throw this whole Mac in the trash can.
Love the quality of all the products here.. My sales person Paulita is the best!
Cant wait! RT Looking forward 2 this! Iron & Wine 2 headline Old Settler's Festival austin360.com/blogs/content/… via
What's that? Sean decided to tweet a 2nd time in the month since he decided he needed to tweet more?
Beautiful photos!
might've been too soon to make that joke. but you're still drinking, so i figured...
SWAMP COOLER FACT: Early designs of coolers consisted of frames covered by wet burlap cloth with fans forcing air thru it. ABQ 719-217-8546
Wow! What a crowd of Hawaiian Poke Bowl lovers! We love you guys back! #ahi sold out #salmon sold out! Beautiful people eat Poke!!!
damn dude well, lets still play for team usa one dayand bring home a gold metal;) deal?
whats up?!?! Hows life been :D
Success is a process; whether overnight or over time. the key is #longevity #greatread #Motivated #themoreyouknow #
Wish I could go back to Hofstra & take your class. coursework is very well thought out. They doing any fieldwork in Hempstead?
I'm working on an ebook for homeschoolers on how to develop the skills & traits needed to be successful. The first one is setting goals.
Can I throw my card in, too? STAY STAY STAY
If you knew better, you'd do better..
WHAT THE FUCK JUST HAPPENED
It is a man law violation for a man to monkey on a stick or do the sissy boo!!!
Off the Las Vegas. Thanks for making trip to airport easy and comfy.
I'll give you it, the ump was bad. So inconsistent.
A hard-on doesn't count as personal growth.
Lol, I'm not bad
this is fantastic. My wife will ask me to get something from her purse. I can't. Too much stuff.
I really really really miss him that's my problem!
I'm not nearly as hot as DaveGrohl.
Tbqh I've never once had a martini tho..
Use #xeroxdrupa in your tweets & see if you can get onto our live Xerox Social Media wall at #drupa hall 8b
My cat meows all the time
happy belated to the man with the instantly recognizable style!
stop bein so cute in your profile pic...geeshhh ;-) had fun on our date yesterday!!! Tqm!!!
Today's Free Single Game Selections. Visit Here WWW.KLRGAMECHANGERS.COM Colorado ML -190 and Arizona Diamondbacks ML -150 and Parlay Dem.
Tommy is dat guy
Something like that :) Got a surprise bouquet from a guy I've been dating.
I had an appointment. With my bed. #sorryboutit :)
Lithium atoms adhered to a graphene lattice that will produce electricity when bent, squeezed or twisted By depositing atoms on one side
What a perfect Mother's Day gift! :)
Expectations today r disappointments tomorrow.hence look to fulfill unrecognized needs.
You and i and your crazy brother should get together sometime, drink and talk about bad porn movies. wait what's bad porn lol jk
Oh no! Aubrey has tweeted "I stay XOXO" on her Twitter account. Yuck. If u walk out u shouldn't be let back in. Boo.
I tried to follow can't
Subscribe for an annual magazine subscription rather than the monthly basis.
Enjoy a Wonderful, Joy Filled and Grateful 'Autumn' Weekend Everyone!
Congrats and good luck with the new gig!
RT : nice stuff
whats good!!!! tweet tweet...
363M...so if u win ill just take that 10Mil u didn't know about
You can render humanity no greater service than to make the most of yourself.
You can glean a lot of wisdom from lying on the floor. All you can do is look up. And notice the ceiling needs painting.
Patrick Swayze died?!?
This civilian life got me spoiled not wanting to get up in the morning.. I got to get it together...in class with the sleep monster...
well its completely obvious i dont have a game, haha so im good any day(:
Roughin up the gits at home
Good job! Thanks for playing!
shalom to u friend
some other pretty cool people
great to see you on twitter!
is hammered
i forgot my bday! Haha its on the 6th of november!
last night was pretty stunning g. Maybe we'll have duplicate viewing conditions tonight
P.S. - Marfa Film Festival 2010 was a quiet storm of AWESOME
happy early birthday!!
have you ever recorded 'america the beautiful?'
Wow just finished listening to jayz version of bump bump bump wthhh!! Lol.
Interested in discussing it at least. Did qualitative field work in KG for my as yet unwritten dissertation.
Why you are still around Berklee GO HOME HOMIE!!!
(hehe, just kidding)
Who went to the UTSA Spring Game!?!?
I just walked past there last night. I recommend Salem Beer Works if you're looking for a place for lunch/dinner.
Time to erase last weeks let down against the Bengals. I don't just want a Packers win, I want a good old fashioned beat down. Like 45-0!
WHY DID HE HAVE TO CHANGE?. I MISS THE OLD HIM OK?! vjrnevjrbyd.
Igor: [suddenly appears next to Fredrick] I understand. I understand. Why are you shouting?
suck a dick
#NP Childish Gambino - All the shine
Are we hanging in DC this summer?
Im still up
awh thank you so much!! Thank you for coming! Love you:))
hot tamales make u jolly
im curious
If u argue with me u need to give me stats otherwise
Good ?? Judd: "how we can leverage strong female-to-female alliances to confront and change that there is no winning here as women"
There are birds chirping outside my window rt now
how did I not follow you on Twitter! Good Morning!!!
U didn't have to stoop so low. Its sad, now we rly aint friends, we coexist. Somebody i used 2 kno, smh. Happy i got a heart & common sense!
So Excited! I have 9 days till I'm in Los Angeles! LIFE IS AWESOME!! <U+2665>
I find the fact that two random dudes have said Happy Mother's day to me a little strange. I'm not a mom! Or am I. O.O
Successfully lead others through change - 5 ways to manage change bit.ly/ak6fIv
I don't have everything figured out, but when I do I know its gunna be something awesome *Patience*
I know I'm so far behind, but I held it out with and now I'm just simply obsessed with my #iPhone !!
cool! :D
Today's BTU inspiration: "Why are you trying so hard to fit in, when you're born to stand out?" ~Oliver James
yep in San Juan.
Proud day to be an American.
I like to think of it as well trained lol.
cool, thank you
Long before inventing the wrap, it was Bobby V's idea to throw Tea in the Harbor.
you'll be happy to know I finally found a seat, just in time. Not sure about my sweet husband...
Thats adorable... I remember when I was four.
making their media presentation currently, some good stuff cooking for them for 2012
hahah me either ! i was like getting crazy !! :O hahahah i told my dad that i was going 2 sport after 2 weeks and he was (c)
Good afternoon to you 2... Wats up? (:
Wondering if is good for you? Don't miss the 1st Her.mi roundtable about it, w/ , , and more on Fri!
EXPOSÉ LISA LISA TIFANNY & NELSON @ This Sat!
I just want to watch 90's tv shows/cartoons all day!
you missed wellstead making a Harold and kumar reference in evolution
It appears it was!
Can't wait for the Jones vs. Evans fight..
Dear Peyton, I was just kidding. Come back to Indy. Love, Jim Irsay
Hospitality: making your guests feel like they're at home, even if you wish they were. ;-)
Finna head back to the South.
Dreadheads that play basketball or football >>>>
City BBQ, today i have an excuse to eat whatever.
Sounds like you only played about 20 games
follow me. I'm following you
We play Rock and Roll. are very good friends that you should give a listen to.
Yeah but only for a few seconds. After she was done she was smiling.
lol, its so early why is any of that on ur mind haha.
I'm "wintering" in Tucson! Maybe/probably headed back to NYC for the summer.
so I know I've been delinquent in documenting the war over the AD job here but there's been so much to relate!
Oh ok hmm bt why u thnk they turn gay??
Hi Wendy, just watched the trailer - looks fantastic...can't wait to see it!
Nice teeth >>>
premature question... now I know.
To err is human. To blame it on somebody else shows management potential.
Trying to watch the Royals game and win a twitter contest.
Juror #1 is a dimwit
Wanted to pick your brain about angel investors, when could we chat?
Yeah, pretty expensive. I'm just getting the word out, not paying that myself. I'd just take a cab.
LMAO, ill text you now!
Thanks for the RT. How you doing?!
Hi, do you still have an extra ticket?!
“You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.” <U+2015> Mae West
Think my 7+ miles this morn should count as 42 because they were on a treadmill. Boring! Good luck to those hoofing it in #Boston!
If recent past gives any hints to its future, it could get a lot worse than that. But true change/reform must start from within.
S/o to Came thru on that Superbowl party.
did you just hear that TJ Fredette (older brother of Jimmer) is an aspiring rap artist?
OH RT this Then Check Your Mentions ^_^
I can't wait to watch Desperate Housewives after work. I swear if anyone interrupts me, I will chop their heads off.
You cant insult me if i don't value your opinion......
The #Rays fear As they should...
Pierce hurts knee, status for Game 5 uncertain
has brought AWESOME to the Brew City
What's MySpace? RT : I forgot what u even could do on MySpace.
Awww yeah fun at the Luxor!
I was just going to say that there's nothing like that in my client. Assume most of your pals will be on comma-friendly apps?
We are all #42 today.
20 days to the orange and white game!
RT : People forget how important it is to be silly. Really.
Me too, Brotha.
What things would you like to talk about?
i never said tht u didnt tweet
Looking to reach economists, computer scientists, earth scientists, biologists, chemists, physicists, engineers, statisticians, etc.
good point re: #digdivide. can't have some families relying on outdated #Brittanica s while others on info superhighway.
#followfriday my bud who's pd and primetime on 101.5 krox but running for Austin City Council place 4. Great for Ausin & Music!
I'm feelin you guys - I'm thinking dem saints are good for 11 too...and that's not just the Abita talkin either...
Still no water. Dept says it will be going up this afternoon. Hope so.
I feel like brooks should have tebowed there.
You still aren't explaining the scope of your edict.
How awesome and unexpected! Local blues legend Little Joe Washington...is on teh Twitter! Follow here:
My art history major rmmate is sharing her knowledge of Florence w me and my VTee for visiting teaching.
Congratulations to Bruce Thompson recently elected to the national NBMBAA Board. We know you will represent Milwaukee well.
Butts doe. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
We are doing quite well, thanks: expanding and getting a bunch of new exciting gear over the summer. You?
You'll already be dead by that time....
My snap ranking: Sigarda, Wake, Township, Sledge, Hierarch, Finks, Pridemage, Lion. But I also don't know your criteria
ugh Idol threw Jessica under the bus with their song choices; no uptempo songs so people can says she's boring
who wants to buy like 50 pies and have a pie fight somewhere?
ohh wow ! That's beautiful! Like you austin?;)
So eggggcited for our dinner date tonight at Carabbas! It is going to blow OG out of the water, promise!
tea tree oil should help
come to the urban farm & make art. i have cameras. wonder if the artboys w/duck masks will return # bit.ly/dAUPYp
They aint got nothing on u..!
its always the ones who talk so much about it that don't know how to. don't talk the talk, if u can't walk the walk
Production costs getting 2 high 4 your events? Let JSL Productions help out. We have served the CCM industry proudly 4 tours and festivals
O I googled it and it looks cool! Will try it out for sure :)
Aggregation model - gather material freely available instead of using a textbook.
Newt's gonna head upstairs right after this presser and masturbate to We Bought a Zoo until his dick bleeds.
“: #MentionTo your first follower.”
It sounds cocky, but I attract way too many young lady patrons.
If you don't believe in you....why should anyone else? Get your ass up, hit the gym & make something of this day. It's what we do!
YOU WILL HAVE FUN TIMES RT Reel Big Fish performing at BC tonight? Uh ok
"Faith is taking the first step, even when you don't see the whole staircase." ~Martin Luther King Jr.~
PLAYWRIGHTS: #sourcefest 2012 has an Open Call for 10-Minute Plays. Deadline is Tuesday, October 24, 2011, 5PM EST. Send us something!...
Guess what.
I want to go to Australia. :/
R.I.P Whitney Houston
clearly I left too early!
Do you ever get tired of seeing #LobCity? Yeah, me neither.
but just so we're clear, when babies don't develop/behave like angels, it has nothing to do with parents.
awe, thanks..she steals my heart. and then does it again and again....:)
likewise. See you soon!
No coupons, Groupons or other ons. Just really great classes and films and investigative journalism and galleries and equipment and...
Thanks ! We're proud to be part of such amazing list of people
#SometimesIJustWant you to be next to me. Telling me everything's gonna be ok. Telling me how much you love me.
Sweet!!! I'll follow your pins :)
it's about time I get out if this bed
hey the pic of ur profile is nice
Along with the semester fee increase?
I caved in and went to class. Finished everything within an hour :)
lmao hit 30 u will be a grandma then...
yeah, not any more, it was for at least a few minutes earlier though. Do you know where I can download the latest version?
I love that Epi and Joey in it.
6-9 months is what they recommend but I guess it just depends on how it heals.:P Hopefully sooner rather than later lol
“: Speak it into existence.......” Turkey club sandwich hold the bacon and an orange juice.
I'm interested. Pros and cons here.
Love An Idiot Abroad....worth watching
Thanks, new follower: !
~ Thank you for the Follow, Will follow back soon!
i know, me wants a reply :3
Coachella 2012 lineup why are you not out yet...
I really miss Picnik not gonna lie. I don't know what photo editing site to use now ugh.
thanks for the RT today
#WellingtonBOPandTB I LOVE YOUU!! HI ;) Now say :" i love you too natasha " in caps
When shit doesn't go my way, I tend to get very annoyed at the lack there of! lol.......My Grits are gettin overcooked <<<<
yikes! Very unnecessary charge to fill out papers!
Science test tomorrow #FUCK Im failing that class
It does look pretty hot I admit.
Mistake of your business: failing to fail
mothers are lovely, aren't they?
LADIES WE HAVE LEVI SHORTS FOR YOU!!!
I most defiantly do not. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C> your the only one that does.
would u consider coming back 2 Chicago sometime?
RT Sometimes little milestones of hope are just enough to get you motivated to keep moving forward
Some of my most memorable clothing items from the 90s were Timberland boots and LL Bean pullovers! Not cruise-appropriate! ;)
RT : Video is becoming more & more important in the world of search, largely because bandwidth has made it easier.
Miss enterpernuer where can i get one of your books
Just watching Mo go down, makes my knee hurt....
" Fill My Life With Happiness "
It’s easier to ask forgiveness than it is to get permission – Grace Hopper
i think tuesday..and i know i want one so bad haha!
Im lovin' it!:D
Can't wait to listen to podcast of The Sunday Edition with your interview about Adrienne Rich!
$1,000 dollar reward on any information leading to the person or people who stole from the Creek yesterday.
thanks for the FF last week! :)
Friendship needs no words - it is solitude delivered from the anguish of loneliness. - Dag Hammarskjold
You sure as hell don't mess with a great novel. So, please, Hollywood stop messing w/ what is already great. It's not doing you any good.
With Bosh's injury, the injury bug squad grows
Glad you like it
the girl in the advertisement with u
Dallas. My co is called speech tx. First heard gut stein speak in Austin when I lived there
“: Taught how to ride a dirt bike” haha and a solid wipe out.
the Ridley Scott movie?
OMG, why an I tearing up?
smh never fails... somebody ALWAYS says "i heard about .........."
Today in Literary History: Thornton Wilder's "Our Town" opened on Broadway at Henry Miller's Theatre (now Stephen Sondheim Theatre) in 1938.
Reading about teleportation and sh%t. This is straight outta sci-fi. Evidently some Chinese scientists have teleported an obj. 96 k
haven't tweeted in a while oh while i can't get rid of school
Are you still at Burnhearts?
I'm happy today! Yeah !!!
Count Benjamin Thompson Rumford~ Nothing surely is so disgraceful to society and to individuals as unmeaning wastefulness.
12-25-83 #Superdome Butch Reed and Jim Neidhart lose Mid South tag belts to Mr. Wrestling II and Magnum TA
Finally starting to get good at mancala
i always cringe when the violins start playing on full house when they are about to have a "aw" moment. baha
Today I'll be performing my civic duty. That's right I have
why do this to me :/ no thank you
George Jean Nathan~ Bad officials are elected by good citizens who do not vote.
Dude. Check the loop -- you are famous.
He jumped over .300 for a few games. It's a contract year.
I didnt play the hand i was dealt, i changed the cards.
Some people
Good luck!
Married couples that met online had an average courtship of 18.5 months. Offline 42 months. How about you?
Let's go Valley!!! I'm rolling w you
hey there in Dallas!
terracota warriors in times square til at least January. I'll review it in a few hours, in 140 characters or less!
My mom compared just compared Tim to Edward Cullen. I don't think she knows what white people are.
okay no one kill me, but i havent been online for like a week. so whats this about emily? and what's lou's tweet about?
We can help finance, refinance, and recapitalize even the most challenging deals. We've been doing it since 1993!
Are you excited about Final Perk on December 14?
Changed our App Name to Credit Card Reader. Find us here itms://itunes.apple.com/us/app/credit-card-reader/id320530785?mt=8
where you running yours? Now we're addicted...
makes Sticky Rice look like Burger King.
105 cappers with action posted in today's games and 3 NBA, 3 CBB, and 4 NHL consensus from their picks
JANEY!! You left me waiting at the alter. How could you??? hehehe!
Back from Rosengård. Didn't quite live up to its reputation; was only threatened to be shot once, and then just by some 16 year olds. :)
was there in February. Be sure to give all the old people the bird for me.
just need to shower and stuff lol
We just received an 'Exceptional' rating on our Choice Hotels inspection!
let us begin to scheme
My nerd is showing
WHY YOU NO TWEET ME? :(
oranges are so delicious
The lucky 30 Twitter accounts will get a very special Easter surprise!
happy for all of this. I just want the Bullets to remember who's job is what lol
I think Mr. Meatballs might come out of hiatus really soon...the Italian Stallion is going back to the meat grinder!!!
A3 I am saving all your great ideas in real time to my "Saw" board in SeeSaw #ideachats WOOT!
Just added Birdjulius Suet Squares (cakes/blocks) to our suet product line. Really great stuff! Try a sample pack.
So Kobe went and planted his child porn on Chris Andersen's computer. We all know Kobe likes underage white girls in Colorado.
aw thanks, you're my fav every of the week. #followeveryday :P
Nothing gets me wetter than hearing Michael Bloomberg speak Spanish.
I like it when the #Brewers win.
All that party needs is some Blasts.
I hope u aint bullshittin us saying ur coming to milwaukee on april fools day
thanks, pal!
"Engagement & entertainment are different. And you need both." - Jim Newcomb, Dir of Brand Management & Advertising at Boeing
hey thanks for the follow! we love you now. "like" us on facebook!
#FF & to get a special PROMOTION PACKAGE which includes Radio Airplay & PROMO for your Music
Being sick never felt so good.
We've got the Irish Itch! - Michael Collins Irish Whiskey with flavors of pineapple and melon. After one, you'll be itching for another!
Be happy to chat about that!
thanks for the follow Dr. Bloom! Good luck on your book launch!
rule. They just *do*. If you live in the MidAtlantic and are all about Apple and Mac stuff, they're all that & a bag 'o chips.
So I guess I am looking for a job in the fall.
Hey! Are there any healthy breakfast options in el paso? Like a Panera bread or somethin.../
I keep thinking about how there are like 30 songs we'll never hear. Some of them have to be amazing considering Runnin almost didn't make it
havent even been to bed yet
Whew! Performing LIVE ain't for the faint of heart! 3 Previews down - Opening night for GEM, Saturday 5/19th!
We adore Ariana
On the plane home and wondering if flight attendant will let me lay across seat with my legs up against window...
Do it!
lmao. I was just trying to help. <U+E414>
What apps do you use to tweet? What about linking your FB and twitter? I'm tired of them giving each other the silent treatment
Baby slob ughh
Ignorance is kind
Come see me for your waxing needs this Sat-Mon.
Would you call the desire to lie in bed and watch endless hours of Downton Abbey fanatacism or depression?
and your God my God. 17Where you die, I will die, and there I will be buried. b-Thus and more may the LORD do to me-b if #Torah 19/99
great artist
Even if the MVA had me listed as a man from 2004-2006?
Hey , I never need to see another interview on horseback.
im chilling i just want to know
The longer I look at that picture, the less I know what it's supposed to be.
today in "pathetic news from my personal life"—my OpenTable account was suspended due to "an excessive amount of no shows"
oh yea I gotta new number
Heading to Los Angeles to attend "Dances with Films" festival- "SCALENE", Sat, June 4, 9:30pm. Starring Margo Martindale, I play ex-husband
And again... forgotten/ditchedd! Cool.... #angrytweets Sorry guys lol
#blueNotes is the place to be!!!
Grizzlies lead Clippers 56-55 as the 4th quarter of Game 7 gets under way.
Some amazing hats in the crowd gathering at the
It is SO tempting to unfollow people who tweet about Who.Unfollowed.Me
Welcome to the pacific north wet :/
Thanks for the follow!!
By the way, #SawItOnFSOhio is the worst hashtag ever.
fender bender
Yes! RT : Q5/Q6 I also want to know if their idea of what the job is matches what they wrote in the ad. (Often, no.)
n how,its that !”)
Not sure what "those types of sites" are, but we have dealt with this situation with all morning.
Had the most wonderful nap didn't want to get up but back to work I go..
RT if you wished had a "follow all" button!!! :D
#Paranormal Portal to a Parallel Universe
The LIQUID crew is still reeling over the Dallas win. Good water cooler convo!
The #jpmorgan London Whale is definitely related to the twitter fail whale...
Nobody can hurt me without my permission. -Gandhi
great to see you last week @ brkfst..would like continue our discussion and connect w/your new guy.
Ahoy! We can't wait!
Can't sleep and I got work in the a.m :(
What r u doing, o I'm just stretching for the dance party! Hahahah marry Easter bitches o barnacles
- If he doesn't get great players like and more importantly defense, he won't win..he had very good players at
Thanks for the follow Kelly! Wishing you and your family a Merry Christmas...say hello to everyone!
I can't believe it's been a year.... Or how much has changed and how you are now...
I would be honored to tell the story on your web site. How do I proceed?
I don't even know what the administration's current slate of proposals to improve economic performance in the short run is right now.
Officially out of club WAL and moved into club LYYOONNNSSS???? Moving day sucks.
you should! Although stressful it builds a future that no one can take away from you!
DO WORK
If its still raining after school my dad gone come pick me up ,
"#Philanthropy's biggest public value is becoming the data we make available, rather than our grants." at
(: I'm writting a speech :/
Just realized that thanks to iTunes, I haven't bought a CD since 2006.
MUHS Reunion Weekend, July17-18: all Alum Gathering @ the Public Market. Be there. Details = www.muhs.edu
": "karleeelovesyou: I love it! <U+2665>" Thanks bby <3" you're welcome :) love yoou!
With my dad as he eat the dinner I made him. He wanted white beans with smoked pork necks.
Or is coverage of OCs an issue of efficacy, not preference? "condoms less effective, so cost of unwanted pregnancy exceeds other costs."
I do!
We utilize the twisosphere 4 marketing our clients products and it works. Just cause it's easy doesn't make it wrong.
Congrats! RT : We've been ranked one of the Fastest Growing Companies in Oregon for 2012!
They say I'm too fake, fuck it I'm paid. I can't even find an empty spot up in my safe.
could the Omega project use some designers' help?
Beverly Church: first step is knowing what table to use - in MySQL, can query the information_schema.columns table
So who do u guys think won the debate or would like 2 see as president? Seeing how U support cynicism & Retweet against Quadri
i was gonna go skate :3
Hey!! Hey!! U r very beautiful!! I just wanted to tell you that <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+2764>
netflix bro
I miss the days of 10 New Years day bowl games with multiple TV's set up in the living room...
[instagram photo of me and my mom]
Now it's just iPads. Thx for edits!
Not feeling well as soon as I get home ima eat n go to bed showtime tomorrow catch opening for
gettin the urge to close up and go home m THE URGE
will there be a hospitality area for individuals with floor seating this year
go do some arts and crafts
Jesus, BIlly, what's the next segment? Reading unintentionally funny headlines?
I've never met your mom! You look just like her!!!! Wow.
Riding the spacebus al the way home
car still broken, software always broken, bills getting me broke, again
Glad it wasn't just me. Couldn't understand a word anyone .... mumbled!
Great list! Be sure to check out for #speechtherapy as well :)
I feel so bad when for Kam when his daddy whoops him. I'm just a big baby. But I'm glad he finally got him good.
I love mail!
: S/O TO for being our #100 follower :D she keep it one hunnit ah! (;
I will instruct you and teach you in the way you should go, I will counsel you and watch over you.
Let me know about those drawings I'll hook u up! www.leocortesstuidios.com
we'll send you pictures of our gems that we find. It may range from mullets to fried chocolate on a stick!
Hey thanks so much!! I'll go check it out :)
RIP Carl Beane, tragic news, worked with him many years at Mutual Radio, made everything easy, true pro, great voice, will miss him
so I'm going over tonight right? ;)
solid, red shirt.
yup.another thing to add to the list of things we love about them!
Damn you Pam!!! RT : I may have nightmares.
If you want to reach your goal, you must see you reaching it in your own mind before you actually arrive at it. ~Zig Ziglar
Last night to go out during the school year! Going to make it a great one :) <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB>
I am tired of people always asking what they can do to help and they catching an attitude because they have to help.
as usual I'll keep ya'll posted. If I do I'm dropping a freestyle on each topic. Lol
Buying my mom coffee for Mother's Day bacause I can't afford anything else. God I'm a good kid.
Getting ready for the ride home!
I hate when I get to that point where I just want to give up on everything. . . God give me the strength
Just added to the #wfx expo floor Television Production Service
“: Blue eyed people study better & Get better grades than Brown eyed people.” <<<<heck yea!
gets better and better everyshow!
Phil 1:6 being confident of this, that he who began a good work in you will carry it on to completion until the day of Christ Jesus.
Aww thanks for the love! Back attcha! xo
FINALLY IT SNOWS!
Looking to get some lunch? We've got a delicious house made veggie burger with gruyere, mustard slaw, and mama lil's peppers.
Who's coming to the tonight??
hahah speaking of that rapist, he's engaged!
but where would you fit all that muscle??
u lil bitch! Where's mine at cuh?
I mean he great at both, the only person who can rap & sing and great at it. n I rather see trey songz n drake do a cd
Keep watching to see Lauren makin' some truffles
There's a joke in there somewhere
sike bitch. wtf do i look like.
In a session about QR codes. Would love to use them in my elementary
Chillen at the studio. What's up yo?
RT Love this feeling. I'm 15 years old right now!
CA has 9 of the top 10 cities with dirtiest air (ozone) - Jared Blumenfeld EPA.
made my day - a special avi for me awww
I'm believing with you, my friend. I'm proud of the work you guys are doing.
is that like a McDonald's delivery person?
there's no such thing....quit playing. Lol
that someone even wants me to do it is why I love you guys! umm... you complete me?
On the way to set up for RR Day! Pulled an all nighter getting last minute details ready...kids will have a great time today!!!
happy birthday bro!!!! Have fun down there!
I cannot wait to see it! I hear that gets a lot of shoutouts.
I'm just so busy well actually I'm just too lazy to charge my phone everynight haha
Capitalization is a VERY important topic.
Off to my fave Thai food !..
There seems to be a typo...it shows Spurs scored an away goal in Premier league play??? That can't be right can it??
Never trust a hotel that changes to those big fluffy beach type towels. They are really hard to put in your suit case!
Daniel, thanks so much for sharing!
thanks for the follow, could you tell about you?
NBA Coach Donnie Nelson got his degree in Physical Education today...WOW! Who knew all you needed was a hs diploma to coach in the NBA.
Such an awesome performance/talk about deafness. She made me laugh and smile so much!
oh ah
I watched my neighbor's son play with his shotgun in the street.
Hiding at work.
Best of Ohio does breakfast tonight on ch 99 at 7- tomorrow anytime on Ch 411. Remembering the Dim Sum we shot is making me hungry...
Photos went well. Now to write up press releases... Anybody know some local writers, bloggers, media contacts, etc.?
Surrounded by about 10 firework shows. Happy 4th!
Um oh well thank you anyways :)
It was great to see everyone at #JLWL12. Have safe travels home!
Vitale's lawyer, Martin Weinberg, up next before jurors get a lunch break.
How can I stay positive about DRose after reading about your experience? FML.
Honestly wish that 1) my parents were in the military 2) I went to the military or 3) I married someone in the military cuz them benefits >>
#MemphisTigers nice win
Come out to our show on Friday! Metal vs Easycore! We go on at 8:30 jam stage! If you wear our shirt you get in for 5 bucks :)
Baby dick, itty bitty baby dick.
Thank you for coming out to see us!
Whoever invented the breakfast pork fries at Honeypie is a jerk. I just want to shovel that stuff into my mouth until my arteries seize
i was watching my fav show of Sunday Night,and i was melting with the heat -.-
I so enjoy April showers. Something just makes them so peaceful.
Where my lakers fans?
Making connections between ed deform across cities at
Tix are on sale for our Artisans' Fare on Nov. 18/19; Indiana's premiere food & drink artisans will be there, like www.localfolksfoods.com
Good morning! Hope everyone has a safe and productive day. We look forward to working at the South Jersey Bullpen today.
whoops. Get on that dude
Waiting in line at Second City because I like comedy, not because Jason Seagull is here or something
depends on what you mean by web design. ATEC has a heavy focus on animation. EMAC on journalism/media web content.
I've never left a show in my life and I just walked out at intermission.
My thoughts and prayers are with the family of Stacie Paul tonight.
Me Too.!! ;) it goes down
thanks for the
reinventing the wheel to run myself over-FOB. All the pretty girls-FUN.
Joe Duffy,where are you?wondering why employeesof SanDiego City News havent been paid?Call me or I could golooking for you if you prefer.
New drinking game: Take 1 shot every time you see a dick on Omegle. Catch: The game can only humanly last for 10 mins.
Our meal at on Mon night was delicious. Prosciutto wrapped figs--wow. Thanks and
you mean the alien, no way. I am more into the cyber emo nsync goth
Let's go Curtis Granderson. Big hit needed.
#BecauseOfYou iconic boyz I got twitter
A boss is a person guaranteeing we go'n Eat!
#DopeTattooIdea Outlines of the continents on my back
Have a good trip!
This show...not only am I already falling in love with it....it's already becoming a piece of me. Of my career. Col Legno. <3
ha! Awesome! “: Lined up like soldiers of inebriation. #LibationArmy”
Please like our Facebook page: www.facebook,com/Globaln3t
ohmygosh don't crush my dreams like that!!!! Hahaha ;)
nope. I wish
Blink 182! Such a brilliant band! <3
New show announced 2/3 fri @ boomerangs w/ chiva knievel! FREE! come witness the rebirth!
Happy Thanksgiving everyone. Clicgear USA is very thankful for all of our loyal customers.
The & Summer Celebration is TOMORROW 10-4! Enjoy the scenic run, or just come for music, food, beer & art afterwards!
Don't picture yourself in a Nike commercial, Be the friggin Nike Commercial! JUST DO IT!
Hey this is Stan from the studio the guys told me you had a tour yesterday, just wanted to introduce myself
Even though fedoras were already worn and fairly popular, #FrankSinatra made them cool. Do you own a #fedora?
I'm sure angelina jolie, u know, time mags most beautiful person on earth, would take issue with counters statement.
ahahaha she drove!
Heard on : #occupywallstreet #ows #occupyKst #occupyDC -- All about giving VOICE to people whose voice has been ignored!
chek it out ..
Probably not. I've heard of parents reading it to 7-year-olds, but under 4 is a stretch. If you like I can send you a copy to try.
I'm all jealous of all these people tweeting about their relationships. -.-
#nowfollowing .. Follow back?
"And the whole industry wanna 'fawk' your old chick. Only n*gga I got respect for is Wiz. And I'll admit, I fell in love with Kim..."
Just saw arrive at the #helenhayesawards 20 min to dhowtime!
If you're not going to put any effort in the relationship, why should I?
NP - TOO COOL ON THE DJ QUE ELEVEN SHOW
should be expecting an appointment from me soon :D
aBook was really funny!
I know, I really wanted her to win! But out of the rest of them I'm glad its meryl streep!
Thank you! What skits/acts did you like best? " jonathan_with1H: dope performance last night!"
There's nothing like the support of a good woman.
A girl in class was so nice enough to help me out & fix it though<U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
It's never easy to be chosen.
Judging a person does not define who they are, it defines who you are.
Happy hump day
You'll probably need the valium!!
yeah I know. I can just imagine lol
Good save by Steve C and Tim Foor.
How the hell did all this shit happen at my job and its only been two hours
no:p
ah, soon as I tweet that, a man painted orange arrives to conduct the wave
Back to back win! #LAKERRRSSSSS <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080>
#abt Always Be Trendy!!
RT : Perfect day in NYC! Heading over to office, getting down to BC's - see you soon guys ;)-Can't wait 2 C U!!
High School walks you to the end of the plank, college shoves you off.
Not a fan of Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf coming to DC, but they're offering $17/hr with healthcare and dental.
should have figured you'd be there as well but I didn't happen to spot you there. that was some really interesting stuff
Wonderful evening of belly dance at Golden First Friday! We had great crowds - lots of good energy!
Nice win by the #giants. Gets them right back on top of the #nfceast. Too bad the #eagles won. Thx Rex.
If pier pressure did not exist, there would be no drug addicts
It's 1000000000 degrees in my room..can't handle this heat
Kinetic Playground 1113 W. Lawrence
Yes, when all else fails, exercise more! That's my motto. :-)
#NowPlaying Common - Hungry
omg it was gross
Yes! force Game 5
My love for zayn is getting deeper and deeper... I can't help it <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
Kate Mckinnon... That's it!
Why she crying seriously yo she a bitch lol
yeah...I'm sure that's the *only* reason... :P
Sin Cara going too win
Managed to make it through today's NY Times crossword without screaming like a little girl.
Important questions: Do I need a pomegranate tree?
the transporter of pee is the best ever!
TODAY is MY BIRTHDAY !!! #Mahomies please help me to follow me !!! MAKE A WISH !! and have more followers !!5
The postman is wearing sexy shorts today!
howard Putnam - When egos and excessive growth prevail, even the best organizations will fail
RT Just starting to exercise? Don’t make the mistake of doing too much, too soon.
Not wondering about the meta part, just the admin page piece. But thanks.
Brava Holland Taylor.
it's hot. like oven hot. like i spent all day mowin lawns and i'm pretty sure my tadpoles have 3 tails and are swimmin in circles now. lol
Congrats Michael!!
been getting a lot of traffic, i noticed it once but seems to be workin well now. let us know if you have any issues.
Finally home. Definitely going to need some Dunkin's to get through work today.
I love crumbles but prefer Morningstar's meatless "sausage" patties! Both $$ but a nice change.
So glad to be done with accounting
Full house plus some!!! Great to see the support! RT : RT “: Line wrapped around City Hall. #5votes” this is insane!
"Victoria even if you were in a relationship with Hitler you would want to wear the pants" -Tamara... ha ha!
Cleaning up my boots (knocking the mud off) for a night with !!!
S/o ! See you on Friday!
tx for the favorite - #harvardsailingteam ROCKS!
We have a social media policy. One of the first things we decided to do. We will constantly update & review w firm members. Cc
good morning party kid!
surprised, right? ;)
haha. You're the sweetest.
I wanna be someone else today...feeling a little mischievous ...in a good way....
Don't Tell Me You Want To Earn Money Online But If You Are Trying, Here Is The Key Online Businesses need internet marketing to succeed.
Potus resists Equality? "Same-sex couples should be allowed to form civil unions, but not to marry in the traditional sense"
oh man. could you imagine? who says that? haha
got "Rick's" number tonight
Not sure how i feel about that horse's name...
Who is the best rock artist of all time?
can u take me to the gym wit u please
ill get a pic with youu in NY! lol
i thought beliebers were a family? now we're fighting? hm.
"Velvet Pavilions" seeped in cultural innuendos, though spans 3 continents, yet the dimensions within dimension, world of ghosts and witches
How long does Stars usually take to get an account reinstated? Debating insta-moving and getting set for TCOOP vs WPT Borgata then moving
's looks So cute on the swings!!!!!<333
exactly i got like 6 unfollows for saying "directioners are not the most dedicated fans"
Bronson Arroyo is the first starter since Johnny Cueto's Opening Day win.
Member Friday Night Man We Had Some Fun Conversations!
I wanna be able to look into your eyes and see forever.
i don't wanna be in this class
The Surgeon General says that #Stress is one of the top reasons for sickness and disease. Everybody: there's a Natural Solution for stress!
Reliving my late 90s obsession with Ace of Base. Love
if Peyton goes to another team will Denver find better receivers for Tebow?
RT : First Friday of Black History Month!
It feels like haven't tweeted in a long time. I hate when my wife does spring cleaning. It takes 5 years!
My pleasure I'm trying to figure out.
but that still doesn't mean I don't miss HyPhy
Butt dial. But you're my favorite person to butt dial.
We are looking for Brand Ambassadors for SAKIRI Vodka. Send picture and resume to:
Just another reminder my birthday rave is may the 19th so don't make plans:) other than coming <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
My boyfriend and I went to a pub and she ordered a guiness, I was so disgusted I spat out my pinacolada!
Oh lord! I had a few too many last week while I was on business travel.. Instead of tweeting I was running my mouth LOL
Spring Sidewalk Sale starts tomorrow at 10am-Prices up to 75% off! Tons of great deals on Badgers AND Packers gear! www.buckyslockerroom.com
The signs are high on light poles. There's no way to fix them unless they're replaced.
I wanna sleep .
goddamn im tired -.-
I really got that attitude like... cant nobody tell me what to do.
Is there a better conference tournament then the Big East? Great exposure for sponsors too!
Playing a new set this Saturday at the Roux House! Who's coming out??
I'm such a cute ass bestfriend ;*
I wonder why they call sweet nothings nothings, when they are sweet somethings, or everything. this show was talking bout that
San Diego weather history for December: Only 2x has it reached 32 at night..both in 1800s. Glad to be in SD!
If I Could Rele Wish For Anything Id Wish For To Follow Me!(:
#OJR events are over, but keep the conversations going. So proud of everyone that was a part of !
It's so cute that #good morning Niall is always trending! I hope u have a wonderful day! =)
wow!!!! i might have to stream the album tonight. thanks, mike!!!
His statement stated in private was not w/o merit. BIBI is difficult to deal with, ask any Israeli.
I don't want to prevent any of your last minute studying, but how does 11 to 11:30 at the on N. LBJ sound?
right ?! OMFG BUT likes phillip, i wonder why..
Have a good one!
come to austin!
thank you jasmine
And cheese?
goo.gl/aNC5W Pleasure P – Who I Gotta Be - Send to friend
Past guests include
yeah, that's not an easy thing to do. If I had that mastered, I'd probably be one of the wealthiest people on the planet!
My tongue hurts-.-
Next time I'm there i need to free climb the Galata Tower and parachute off the top into the Bosphorus. Ezio has all the fun.
how much for a collab Adam ??
peace out
Cooking channel has exciting events for quick and easy meals. ******* Paula Deen
RSVP Members will be helping out at the Grandparents raising Grandkids support group for FCSN. Glad we could help!
RT : “: Just wrapped 's video and WOW, they have such beautiful energy!” thanks:) it was a...
We're all working hard and aiming to be the #Best at whatever it is we do, Support me and I Support u!
My hair is so messy
its true!
You guys are literally sweet! RT Thx ! We like your #chocolate word play!
Good night twitter friends
Finally off work. Today would not end!!
if man evolved from monkeys, why do we still have monkeys?
why r u so fit huh???
I hope my homie pass her finals tomorrow, I dont want her to be like Marco totti lmao
ok..leave all ur followers in suspense..I get it. Congrats.
-~!!~+ G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
My duck pillow pet >>>>>>
ima kick back, analyze & read you.
Baby had a great night of sleep so mommy and daddy did too!
Tempted by the fruit of another..
The money spent on renovating Kauffman Stadium would have been better served in a fan therapy program.
my power is back on but I lost the microwave. It's fried.
disagree that VCs prefer long IRRs over short multiple. Also some funds have significant partner $ contributions. Ours is 30%.
Another Icon has left us and my prayers go to Whitney Houston's family.....
At the Lakers game. We about to get this started.
We needs monies :0
got turnt this weekend. cant hold me or down. We need milk by the way
Spent more than half my day waiting for citations to export to #endnote today. Love you, but let's speed it up #endnote !
Death from a Bear 1979
And I wonder why I can't keep a steady relationship. I mean is it me?
Never felt anything like that. ever.
I know! And all those gorgeous meals, the fancy hotels, and swanky ships... so much better than reality! :-)
correction has been made, thanks again for the heads up.
do I even have to tell you how ridiculous I think this woman is? She's off my radar
Love u the mostest
- Roses are on their way! See you in June!
Not a good day to forget my umbrella
A California parole board denied convicted killer Charles Manson, 77, parole for the 12th time, next hearing when he becomes 92-years-old.
The Little House?
Yes! I've gotten several dm's, too. If only I could make an easy extra $8000 a month!
Tornado touched down in Arlington ... funnel cloud sighted just south of here at Trinity Mills and the Tollway.
Great job Team Orphanz, you always hold us down! Orphanz™
Woody Hayes just appeared to me to say he thinks this Buckeye offense is too neolithic.
good night everyone! Im gonna get busy with paper.. see you tomorrow.. same place.. uh idk what time :P
Drinking coffee with my mamma and may :D
Your Welcome! Thanks for the S/O!!
I only made it about 20 pages, so I'm impressed. Life's too short for books you aren't enjoying.
I know cuz. I am SO over school already. Lol and I'm taking a sat class this summer...it's gonna suck
Show today: Hank Haney, Tyson Nash, Patrick O’Neil Fox Sports West, LA Times Helene Elliot, Todd Walsh, Beer Run Trivia.
unbelieveable man. Can golf get out of its own way and stop making itself boring.
Chris Brandenburg and the Bluetones play at 7 tonight, a three piece blues band, you'll really enjoy!
You want me quiet? No I'ma scream about unspeakable scenes like dudes that sag calling it swag! Sagging's not apart of Dr. King's dream
RT &: My grandpa has a beer everyday :30 AM. He has another PM. He turns 100 this weekend. Must be the beer.
Thanks for the follow! Let me know if you want me to write a product review or a giveaway on my blog!
ah ! I can't wait .. now work won't be so boring !<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Concerned, stressed and praying.
Silence is a girl’s loudest cry. You can really tell she’s really hurt when she starts ignoring you.
These DJ's are still finding the best of current hip hop/RAP.
Why are the kappas so fine!!!
See? You're already curious. We win. ;)
You gave it a good run at
HAHA thts funny i got scared for a moment until i read the rest of it lol
thx sexy glad u following i wanna follow u
iSwear iSmoke to Much weed, iJust can't remember things anymore XD
Season Premiere of #SYTYCD is May 24. SO EXCITED
sorta! I think she looks more like you though.
Please tell me Chris Davis is really coming in to pitch the bottom of the 16th. Please.
I can barely name any of their reg. roster.
"May the fourth be with you" oh wow lol you're all comedians for coming up with that one
nonstop holiday movies all day today; steamed chocolate pudding with white chocolate creme de cocoa sauce; and a cracklin' fire. Nice.
RT : I haven't read the book yet (it's next in my queue) but I already know the answer: the hair. Especially when unkempt.
We are proud too! RT : We're proud to support through our partner with
Looking forward to talking to the BC Social Media Council about communicating to students thru technology!
hahahahaha!!!! Best word ever!
And that really kicks ass, because tomorrow will indeed be brighter when I tell you more about
It's looking a little gloomy out there so come to Tunes @ Noon 12-1:30 today & help Rob Blackwell bust through the clouds!
I hope I can manage it tonight,I iz sleepy,even after taking a 2 hour nap~! (ThatIsVeryRareForMe)~!
I need that
You are appreciated !
omgg, I live in Kentucky!!
come on guys keep tweeting Get Austin Mahone Verified its trending in the US already!
feeling the brewers sweep
This movie is hilarious.
killing time. working on busting a nut. then starting my day. good weekend?
true. but l'm gonna live in my little world right now pretending that it always works.
- lol i love when we have good asz convo's like this we just tawk bout every thing.!!! :)
no matter how old you are you still be a punk bitch <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
I LOVE the Mango Habanero kale chips. They are amazing! Thanks #blogathonatx for introducing me to them!
How long does it have to go on? This punishment? Haven't I done time enough,haven't I served my term? can't I apply for a pardon?_T Williams
what about urs?
What, no Milwaukee? ;)
Awesome to hear! :)
Them "So where are you from" Me "NC" Them "Oh that place that hates Gay people" :-/
Space based!!! Yesyesyes. Sci fi drama should be a more often used genre!
a birthday tweet from the boys this sunday. #thatswhatiwant :)
Will someone please turn on my snooze button? #UpAllNight so send sleep remedies for Sleepless in #Chicago! #Yawn!
Thanks for coming out and sharing my bday w me rt : My gal, performing "Why Haven't I Heard From You?"
Do you choose can over tub so you can suck on it like a foamy baby bottle?
Hi Bob! Yes, I'm still telling takes & writing books. I have 18 now & new ones on the way. :)
true that MAN. we can't forget the bridges that brought us.
thanks for the share man! It was cool playing with Animate.css more in-depthly.
Have a Super-Sensational Saturday!.....Spread Love
Which? The pink granny panties of courage? ;-)
I love an event that encourages accessorizing to my favorite beverages. I just try to keep up w/the show!
Hi Gabrielle, I read All These Things I've Done and loved it. When does book #2 come out in the US? Thanks!
Ugh. Can't sleep.
FOOD IS AMAZING :)
: Where we're going, we need more walls.
the thing about watching Goodfellas' on TV is that they cut ALOT of shit out.
Fire that lawn mower up!
What did the Horny Goat get on his SAT test?
COMMENTATORS DIDNT KNOW THEY WAS ON THE AIR LOL
I'm in love with you.
finished a pain in the ass Sprite comic...looking forward to post it sometime soon
Me without Austin? Its like facebook without friends, YouTube without videos, Google without results and Twitter without tweets.<U+2665>
aye fam, follow back ?! :)
That's a really great idea. What bars are doing them right now?
love the sweater, where's it from?
yeah let's go with that.
Startled by my exclamation, "AWESOME", V thought we'd gotten the apartment. That was not it. China Mieville's Railsea is out.
Reading all about re-accreditation for colleges and universities. This is so exciting. :-\
": #catchphrase of the night: That was heat! #useit " you know it!
Do you TiVo Jeopardy? Because that would be awesome.
#WeDontMissSelena is PATHETICC!!. Stop hating and get a life..
Just saw Shes so amazing.
Take time to reflect on your own professional development. What impact has it had on you?
she has a way of doing that!
I know- must get it asap!
Everything in heaven and earth breathes. Breath is the thread that ties creation together. Morihei Ueshiba
Users create more content in 1 day than media does in a year.
It's a new week! So excited to meet a client tonight so we can start talking about her album!
Visiting Belgian friend doesn't want to go to the CSO tonight (Boulez conducting Debussy, Ligeti, Ravel); any takers?
I wish I culd hold you and kiss you all day long
have your Oscar attire yet? What to wear?
#InCaseYouDidn'tKnow I could care less about what you think about me.
#oldschooldays Afros and vagina fros....you got a hair pick for that bush momma? Sollliidddd...
Follow me?<3 ;D
See why Library Bookwatch calls "Scientific Publishing"- "...an invaluable addition to personal, professional, academic...collections."
Watching vs. from I imagine it will be just as great on TV as it was live.
wants to get crushed RT boy1020 she really want it
Keep hearing Man Down by That line, could have been somebody's son? Well, of course he was. Thats basic birds & bees honey...
Cool, have fun! Going to UC for Bulls game tonight!!
Angry birds has stolen my life. It has taken me from my family and kicked my dog. Okay all but that last part...
#NeverApologizeFor Being Right.....I thought I was wrong once......but I was mistaken.
I just want a piece of the happiness
I need Followers, Business minded Women that is about it
oh! I must try that. Thanks for the tip :)
Thanks for playing the Morning Mindbender and congrats to who got the correct answer which is....
Hmm, that's a long drive lol. I was more passing it along for you. Let me see what I have that week though, I'm a maybe.
All caught up on my reality shows, I can rest peacefully now. :D
When me & him would fall asleep on the phone >>> (: miss those days . I miss him.
The one day I'm on when tweets. I tweet to him all I can and of course he doesn't even notice me!
love you too <U+2764>
You can't disappoint Nat! He's got his Doritos Locos Tacos and in life that's all that matters.
Any Alpha Flight sightings?
oh no glee didn't, yes they did , did Chicago..
bye huntsman. now that the only reasonable GOP candidate is gone, time for Obama to prepare a victory speech
Seattle Fire responded to HAZMAT spill in Benson Hall on the third floor. No one was hurt. First two floors are clear.
done with report 4!!
RT : Impressed that #Colts' new coach has sense of humor. Asked if he will coach Peyton Manning: "I've got a text out to Rob...
BREAKING: Ex-Ohio State QB Art Schlichter sentenced to 10 years, 7 months in prison from fraud case in $1 million ticket-selling scheme.
u got drank?
Loving being Full of the Holy Spirit. Dwelling in unity. Nothing better.
Knicks interim coach Mike Woodson confirmed Amare Stoudemire cut his hand. Stoudemire was seen leaving the arena in a sling.
When people see you lying down, with eyes closed they still ask: "Are you sleeping?" Just say : "NO, I'm trainin' 2 die!! -.-
Off for a bike ride..lovin the weather.
yea well mixed lol
yeahh I'm gonna have to go at night.... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Cooking for me and my honey boom <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Patrol Sgt. Chuck Buckingham heard one of his favorites after pulling over someone going more than 70 mph. The driver claimed a grasshopp...
ate too much candy at the movies, mouth so salty
You can't just eat an entire box of lime popsicles for dinner...or can you?
it's Glover's best performance. If I taught a film class w/ a focus on directing actors, i'd make that film required viewing
wrong. Lady gaga > life
When people hurt you over & over think of them as sandpaper-they scratch & hurt you,but you’ll be shining & polished and they end up useless
Salsa and Guac in restaurants may increase foodborne illness risk - undefined This is a good thing to watch out for
is going to Mt. Buller!
RT“:Love from Great promise for multi-lingual communities like #Tucson.”
FOLLOW THIS GUY !
So can we make your guys bet a three way with Buffalo included?
#Shameless marathon w/my man & our mutts.
In my experience of driving on I-95, the south begins as soon as you cross over into Henrico Co.
lol nope!! Not on my watch
please be reasonable and nice. That's all I'm asking for, nice and try
In the kitchen going ham again
Thing that gets me about O'Shea's arrest is he was pulled over for seat-belt violation. Apparently hasn't been talking to Michael Ohlman.
have TONS of fun!!
Now my Facebook sidebar is filled with ads for private schools. Awesome.
done, awesome. Thanks for the suggestion :)
I am excited to be on board U2R1's team as Brand Innovation and Multimedia Producer. We are your complete Branding and Marketing agency!! A…
Womp womp, RT : Chipper Jones will have arthroscopic surgery Monday to repair torn meniscus in left knee.
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn but that's alright because I like the way it hurts
Did you know Make Way for Ducklings was designated the official children's book of Massachusetts?
#Braves pull out the brooms in Denver, sweep away the
Eating a vegetarian sandwich whose main feature is "ginger teriyaki seitan." It tastes much less evil than it sounds.
I emailed you guys, just waiting for a response back!
i want to help!!!!
heyy tmoneyy(: what's your favorite thing to do besides dance? And follow me??
Yes, I would be sad to leave my neighborhood. Can't believe I've been here 9 yrs. in July!
all right traders we are off to a great week NOW for the big news a new PREPUMP ALERT will be issued today!!! stay ALERT coming today!!!
Stupid nigger ass bitch
If knowing I'm cute means I'm cocky well oh well lol
They must talk during the day to torture me at night.
Got a nice donation of DVDs today . . . with the directive. "make sure there's no porn in there."
Not enough, as usual!
#sometimesyouhaveto let your heart love.
Looking to carpool from the westside of Vashon to the ferry dock to take the P.O. boat M-F. Vashon followers, know anyone?
I need outside intervention.
98 percent of government websites are pathetic
Where's your favorite place to find Arts and Entertainment news/events in the Triangle?...
"What are you"? ~Megan Cross~
Hey did I wake up? Did I bring donuts?
"Civilizations die from suicide, not by murder," ~~Arnold Toynbee British historian
Which is part of the problem - it's as though Palestinians and other subjugated groups in Israel are always spoken *for*
I KNOW! this summer we will hang out a ton, i've just been so busy lately.
lmao honestly that was terrible but hysterical! Were gonna be reunite w the place next month ahhaahah
as a bostonian would say.... I'm wicked high kid
u always had my attention.. You are an awesome girl and never change for someone....
I refuse to follow any one on
fun fact: Abbey based Bella Abzug on my cousin, who he was dating at the time. She's, uh, not a fan of the work either.
I ain't scared. My ass is nice and toasty
yes I would
WHY am I still at this place?
you need an at&t phone
loved the pic of you
Latest wx model still projects 12-16"+ snow from SW to NE WI; Blizzard Warnings in effect thru Weds night
Tickets to Europe... I haz them. :D
I know haha ;) -Jared
Lakers at Thunder!!!
how's it going?
Melody inn in Indianapolis, IN TONIGHT!
Wow ESPN just broke the news: RIP AJ Burnett. Oh wait, that was something about RHP AJ Burnett. Nevermind.
got a random call at 9 that woke me.. now its 10 and just going for a shower now...
Despite that, we STILL nearly pulled it out!
I am seriously going broke from shopping online. :(
welcome to twitter! Please meet the many twidiots as rainn calls us.
I wanted to replace "sadly improves" to "greatly improves" actually...
you know it is...
I can't believe I didn't set my line up in time. #Malkin is beating the #Lightning on his own.
Thankss , I fuck wit yours too
I Will Overdose Myself On Ibuprofen IF THESE FUCKIN CRAMPS DONT GO AWAY!!!!! :/ #ThisLife <<<<<<< Not Ok.
Summer Teach Begins
Your Brady hate is getting unhealthy.
In the mood for some fruit
My learn vector math project is creeping forward - understand some things, can't do much yet.
SU beats another football powerhouse like Toledo in overtime!!!!!!!!!
lolololol extra bag fees!
I'm listening! Pronbably just as drunk??
Obviously this argument stems around all 3 being healthy. Sid and Geno are pretty much equal. Staal far better than both on D.
you can email me here:
Don't Stop Believin!
Game Time!
Happy New Year!Be always at war with your vices, @ peace with your neighbors, & let each New Year find you a better man/woman! Ben Franklin
Rumor is that Reid and Boehner have a deal and defunding planned parenthood off the table. Anyone have the source?
Take Ron artest out the damn game
Have fun in LAX!!!
- Emma Stone reminds me of you!!
Any Philly folks have a DSL/wireless service recommendation? has not been able to fix my problem for 2 weeks
The poor girl has to be buried at Downton Abbey rather than back at home?
Solid game Flyers!!! On to the next round!
Pleased to meet you Mr. Cryer, welcome to this network, overall, over 80,000 contacts
-u now know that I have some work to do on my house as well. (so we can laugh with each other about it)
The winners were chosen by our Facebook fans. They voted for the photos they liked best.
<_< RT : So I'm at the gas station to get gas. I forget to put my car in park and my car starts rolling back lmaoooo
Vitamin B12 deficiency is a cause of #dementia. It is advisable to take B vitamins to prevent #Alzheimer's and support the cognitive health.
Scary!!! How about telling us what part of Speedway.
"Meg,daddy loves ya but daddy also loves star trek,and in all fairness,Star Trek was here first"
Can't BELIEVE THIS SHIT!! How the hell am i waking up super early everyday!! hm..Cause im getting my buff on!! P90X in the morning
Omw home now
not the time or place
She starts her new diet of liquor and dick. Just like Hollywood, but laced in sick. The sun goes down, and so does she.
And the winner is...Amber!!
i know i less than 3 weeks
lol I'm gon send you some tissue
"There is no water in Russia, there is only vodka!" we still need to make our trip to Russia.
#SAFE starts 4/27. For local theatres & showtimes text SAFE & your ZIP CODE to 43549. No charge to text Msg & data rates may apply.
@ work : Have to go see Iron Man 2 tonight, for an interview tomorrow. This job can be really brutal, you know?
I never use it. Maybe when it's integrated w/ FB it'll be more appealing, rather than being just ANOTHER place to share data.
#oomf is ruining the Lion King
Artists in Action Event: Celebrating the Fall of the Berlin Wall at GMU. Looking for actors and vocalists!
And with that, Aubrey Huff will probably start tomorrow.
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW ME FRIEND IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO HER!!(;
#RedState is one of the most awesomely unpredictable films I have seen in years. Thank you :-)
covered in restrictive rags?
PIERRE just landed #Union Station. Window opens at 11:30
if vernon was gonna get a penalty, he shoulda knocked the camera guy over and started filming himself!
Today we feature something light and refreshing: Lemon-Herb Roasted Chicken. (it just isn't ready yet so we don't have a picture.)
uh-has it been through the wash?
Oh, it was!
what are you talking about? I never said I was leaving I just said that you and Allison think that I'm not.
What I wouldn't give for 's grilled cheese w/avocado. Also: My tee gets lots of love in D.C.
YUP ! i'll be waiting for my plate...
anyone thats ever held me down or supported me... Its deeply appreciated... Lets stray from the norm and keep the soul in hip hop
why do I always get these sudden bursts of ideas so late?? wish fits of inspiration happened between 4-6, when I'm usually useless...
Today's election day in Indiana, please vote. You have a say in how Indiana represents you! Voting is a right we have...exercise it!
& my grandma always take up for him !!
Congrats! So glad you got us again! Have a great time!!
It's really good! I've never seen it before!
God will create circumstances and situations in your life so that what is in you can be seen by the people that you are assigned to help.
Going back to Denver is going to be hard for the Lakers. They've proven they can beat Denver in their house.
A Monster Calls
Never saw a raincoat that exposed so much leg and cleavage. Whimper.
How exciting!
So busy lately the only time I have to tweet is on flights via - who still owe me a credit for #SXSW flight to Austin
I gotta go pee -.-
In traffic wit <U+270C>
I agree with you.
You ain’t gotta, you ain’t gotta, leave..
Hey, would any friends be willing to let me room with them at AAM?
Linsanity taking over the world
aww Love you too, but you'll be back i promise muhahaha!
but why?
Fuck my life and everything and everyone in it.
is my fav hotel. My mom and dad used to take me when I was a kid. Amazing memories. Loved afternoon tea with my mom. Xo
Omg cnt wait until I get off
*sat in traffic
Come to the B today for a tasty sweet, a burger, or one of our delicious flatbreads!
Music can be a weapon in our struggle for a better world.
My family = crazy.
I wont give u or owe u a apology I gotta sale in a hr and half now I'm mad lol
Oxy Mo: Bride Groom
Happy to have you, hope you're having fun! RT : Hitting up with the fellow cast, and some of the crew on our day off!!
#flo-rida ? Not my style , although #omero thinks very highly of him ,
"A good decision & a bad decision both start with the same thing...a thought."
What campus did you graduate from?
how was ur date? (when it's over haha)
Going to vanish into library for a while. 'Bye, twitterverse.
It's tax prep time! Free tax assistance will be available on 3/31/12 from 10am-3pm at at the Chula Vista Library (365 F).
WOW! Phil I know you're rockin' Heaven down. RIP Sweet darlin' darlin darlin' .... <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
good to know. thanks for the suggestion.
Thank you for applying!! Please spread the word!! Nominate others!!
Hey David. Follow me please?
thanks for the encouragement Tess!
flipping betwn Ranger Stros on FSN and it appears to me that Rangers have HD cameras and STros are analog..kinda hard to watch..
I honestly think A was Oprah Winfrey.
Starting Friday we add lunch items to our menu! More details coming soon :)
Were you at a car wash without wifi? How stone age of them! Next time let us wash your car, we've got internet!
I got action.....peace
I dont like playing WWF cuz 2 many people be putting down words everyone and they mama dont know Foo you barely grad HS how u know dat word?
In case you view a whole thing it appears that it's always lovely.
We eat live chat for breakfast.
Due tomorrow = do tomorrow.
There's a conference in NY this year. Great place to learn more and to network.
Can I Get Refiilllllllllllllllll
Happy New Year!!!!!
80% of the the pixels purchased will be donated to cancer research (, , ) in the Advertiser's name!
T minus 4 hours til the Mixer!!! You can still get your tix at the door!
Thanks for checking out Killer B's Mix House Twitter Page, We'll keep you up to date with our projects and music news.
Boyfrans are lame
Um...why am I not in that video?! I kid. It's GREAT! I like Alyssa and Will's comments. Phill made me chuckle too. :)
thanks love!! :)
nice suckable lips u have
You don't know what kinda drug i'm on. I'm on God.
follow back? YOLON
Brewers still tied for MLB Central even as they are gobstopped in the 1st inning today by Cinci (but now tied in top the 6th). Go Crew!
DH center @ Emory embedded in 'Research Commons' division. Interesting!
Join us for Belly Moves Prenatal Yoga with next wed! Or join me tonight, can't wait!!
Mini Rant - cheap cheap cheap-os! You are tacky. Go back to couponing for your fast food joints.
Stay tuned for tomorrow's IAP Panel in photography, beginning at 10:00 a.m. EDT in IN Government Center South Conference Room C.
If minority kids should be forced to work, according to Gingrich, what should rich kids be forced to do?
Just got into it with a barber. Cut my fuckin hair the way I tell you to, or don't get full price. Simple shit.
I presume has taken you there?
Oh, ok. I must have miscounted. I thought they'd max at 11 when I was looking at schedule.
There's some sort of cowboy convention on campus today.... time to go get my MRS!
Where does Jared Jeffries go after a 33-point Knicks loss? The same club I go to after a 33-point Heat win.
I'll probably use a borax one, as I'll have to get some to make laundry detergent, anyway.
I'm suffering <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
W/ the new Android App style guide, be gr8 to see a complementary badge program to help developers differentiate & consumers discover apps.
#YourBiggestProblem is that you act like a bitch then wonder why you have no friends.
- hey man! I've been trying to find the link for the Dance Dept subscriptions going forward. Can you point me in the direction?
WHO TO FOLLOW: SUPER TWEEPS!
This season of American Idol has been great and it has zero to do with the lame ass judges. These new contestants can really sing.
pretty amazing!(: haha. when are you guys coming down to arizona?!?
I love you for the part of me that you bring out
To enjoy the things we ought and to hate the things we ought has the greatest bearing on excellence of character. -Aristotle
Agreed. I believe there's been a long range plan for GLBT equality all along. This wasn't a completely unplanned "slip"
Why does the school on #Glee have chalkboards? Schools now have whiteboards and SmartBoards.
Hey , you should follow who is speaking today at the Chicago Let's get him to come thru Bmore!
south asian american art festival may 1, 2010 in santa monica california, artists send jpegs to
did brock fired?
:) RT The deadline for the Apps for Communities challenge has been extended to August 31! Stay tuned for judges announcement.
Yeah!! They've kept me updated throughout the process & from what I've seen - It's great :) Printed on Bella Jersey Tee.
Ok tweeps: How will you be spending your Thanksgiving? We want to know!
She has a pug, I wouldn't be thrilled about a new pug.
Rodgers, times have changed. I'm clearly biased but Brady's lost a step, it's all Rodgers now.
Best Hair Care Solution For Falling Hair With Haricarelover
Why would we want to have 2 unions competing for the same “piece of pie” when we can merge & become stronger?
there's always that one "arms folded" pose that guys do to make them selfs look more buff hahahaha.
I'm feeling the Welcome to my Heart -- I just sent some beats your way --
You're in Canada stay out of American politics. Go back to watching Mr Dressup
no I wish, place sounded amazing
Good news for #MLS fans from Serie A. Inter lose again. No wins in last 5: Forlan, Sneijder, Cordoba, Stankovic that much closer to MLS.
Rumor - July another round of CC cuts coming....
Woohoo - happy #GiveBIG day!! Thanks for spreading the word!
I have a great person! Send me an email.
Katie and I are going to get lunch!
now that it's the final countdown... yes lol
is at still at work! Trying to figure out what to give up for Lent! Hm?!
26 DUNKS THIS QUARTER BEST CENTER EVER
The average American eats 150lbs of SUGAR a year!!!! Try substituting w/ fresh fruit (raisin, dates, honey, maple, xylitol, stevia).
ha - truth comes out! Seriously tho these are some good tips. Did u know ur supposed to vacuum your bed?
Holy gratuitous Beckham! thanks
I think John Elway kept Brian Xanders around just long enough to learn his job, then ousted him.
I held up somehow saying goodbye. Good luck in high school everyone. <3
#APerfectTourLineup Miss May I, OFWGKTA, Kanye and JayZ, N.e.r.d, Veil of Maya
Caribbean neighbor waved to me. I love that brown skinned bastard.
It's because you're boring.
no swag and no yolo i'll have a bitch fit haha
yeah man
- " May I recommend following ?" Already follow Hans. Met him last year at an Inmon event. Great resource
I can honestly say today was a tough day. But God is In control. I'm not going to worry about a thing!
Teach me how ta dougie :D
Ok... So what's the secret weapon for women? Clearly I'm missing the point here.
Bayern Munich v Real Madrid in 30 min on Fearless prediction: 2-1 Madrid
lmfaoo! dn't i knoww it! i brought ur manicure 2 go set w. me in2 the city.. i'll get it to u when u meet up w. me 4 dinner :)
see you tomorrow!
Well ok, I suppose we can handle that. {face palm} Oh goodness what is WRONG with me today?! {twitches}
Life is beautiful. Every moment remembered. Perfectionist? Cannot succeed without failures! Have a laugh. Good night.
If you got a face tattoo I would actually hate you.
you always say that! 3:
And thanks for the outstanding training in population and family health, which I put to use just about every day
Thank God for letting me see another year, i won't let y'all down
tomorrow after class I'm free! lol then Monday!
was that today?
hey can you PLEASE follow me? k thx! lol plz
#WeCantBeTogetherIf you don't treat me like I for you.
this is about the point in the game where I start screaming at my TV.
I hear Ted Danson is taking over C.S.I. The first thing they need to investigate is what the hell is that on his head??!!
Following man. And spreading the love #Mizzou'04
funny but wierd
I think I had that same expression every time we scored a goal in FIFA.
The City of Chula Vista is now on Twitter! Please follow them at . Please retweet this to your followers!
wish i could find a throw back pic of you
Still really windy in San Francisco and trees and branches are on roads making it tough to drive!
Your WORST Enemy can sometimes be YOU, without realizing it,
You have to wonder why Americans...mourn more for the death of a pop star than those that defend us. Doesn't make a lot of sense.
doesnt just eat face she kisses feet too!
Keep going back to trying Twitter, but just not great at it. Advice?
HHAHHAHAHAHAHA I bet he would say that, though.
Its raining.. #oomf needs to be here to cuddle.. <3 ;p
thanks RT : Welcome new bee friends!
adding your stuff to my todo list.
srsly but also ugh i want their job so bad
unacceptable. Have I taught you nothing?? Disgrace...
I love u tho <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
. Jordan passed cuz play broke down, found open man. Heat ran play for Chalmers, LBJ content to defer. Dufferent
Meet the new Graduate Coordinator, Alice Salazar! She will be at the GSA meeting this Thursday, Feb 2. Noon in the Graduate Common Lounge.
“: My favorite roads have words in them like "lick, creek, hollow, spring, branch, fork." Know what I mean?” RuralBackroads.quant
np. Just called, we're good on time.
Would someone please come kick my ass and make me get back to writing?
Awesome, I'll get those to you ASAP
just changed it
you're "special" in that Special Olympics kind of way. Lol
I don't haVe a type, I jus got expectations.
It was but you did great and you looked really strong.
Standing on the corner of 38th and Georgetown with a Papa Johns sign. Fml
We We're Soldiers
I like the new track. You're getting really percussive in your vocal delivery.
LOL i remember when Take Care first came out i would blast the album over & over in my car
Don't forget to join us in Cloverdale for the Friday night concert and the wonderful farmers market.
Orlando and then St. petersburg I believe?
In those quiet still moments before you go to bed - do you ever hear that small voice that says 'You are meant for greater things?'
I'm in Denver at the #nascio conference. Looking forward to talking about #opendata with state CIOs
Oops. I must have read over the word birthday in your tweet. My mistake.
super excited for outside-mid competition between hao, pino, a-rod
justin ALWAYS goes to new york but he hasnt been to boston since november 16,2010. hes just mad cause the Bruins won the cup but still...
": "Man.. we do this every day of the night.""
seeking the great country for opportunities. might just contribute to brain drain... we'll see..
Aw <3 “: is following me. Day=made.”
come visit me. Wah.
stop fucking hacking freak, she didn't do anything to you.
#ihatewhenpeople at like evrybody wants to be like them... L.A.M.E.
Go spurs Go!!!!!! We start giving away game a tickets for round two tomorrow on start listening !! Lessssggggoo San anto!
Congratulations to joining the great Copyblogger gang - wonderful news!
Thanks 4 havin my back last night, sell-out had me going CRAZY
What Happened To The Person I Met Years Ago.? The Girl I Used To Know. Where Is She Now.? Now All I See Is A Captured Soul Seeking An Escape
Snow day and I'm stuck inside with a stupid cold!!!! Better get better soon I have a crazy weekend ahead
#AlanBlinder is an idiot lacking constitutional knowledge, any idea of the SCOTUS's workings, and completely inflammatory.
Remember when Cool Whip was an acceptable substance to abuse? Sometimes I miss those pre-organic days...
run with me at 8!!
pick me up a monocle! And a top hat...and a cane...and some midgets...and 200 lbs of the shit they put in lava lamps. Thanks
You don't like them disses, give my ass some kisses (:
Will do!
New teacher tip. As you get ready for the start of your school year think about this: "What kind of teacher do you want to be?"
Beer fans: We're tapping Ninkasi's ultra-limited Quantum Pale Ale at 8pm tomorrow, 2/29! Only one keg - when it's gone, it's gone!
RT : Watching vintage 80s Madonna videos on Fuse while crunching data; video tutorials completed. I love 80s Madonna.
Send me your pictures of nasty homes!
awwwuh!Thank you so much for wishing a happy birthday! It means the world to her! We love you guys so much!<3
shes my girlfriend<33 and yes I will be seeing her june 2nd(:
The most wonderful time of the yrRT :Friendsmas with and Finally starting to feel like the Holidays!!!!
read it. Good article. Another point for VCs is making good presentations. People w accent or 'funny' looks won't make it through.
#FeartheDeer BRANDON JENNINGS STRAIGHT GETTIN BUSY IN THE NY!!!!!!
"How the hell do I know why there were Nazis? I don't know how the can opener works!"
One reason we don't pray as if everything depended on God is because we don't believe it does.
My daughter was all excited to see the moon but no. Nothing's sadder than a 4-yr-old's disappointment. Like Sophie's Choice.
Field trip, and the pool, yeah I'm liking it
we at the bellaigio right now
Love it when a plan comes together
<<<--- Also picked for favorite.
Pretty proud of myself. Climbed a tree with no branches, that was slanted over a small cliff.
So im a cold hearted bitch these days..Can you really fucking blame me? haha
wait!!!! WHAT?!!! I am extremely jealous, miss!
nothing to do!!
lol i knew u wsnt i just felt like making a comment
And I can't find food. Bleh
I told my dad about the homecoming! I don't even think imma go! ):
“: Failed to mention and of course #swagalert” we are flying
It's National Teacher Day! Please express your appreciation to teacher who has changed your life or your child's life
#FF #Gratitude thank you
Kickin it here at the house, waitin till 5 p.m. For practice.
is busy in the studio!!!
A hoodie doesn't make you a criminal; a mike & TV audience doesn't make you a smart journalist/TV personality
bahaha seriously!! I wish they would play the Halloween movies again, that was the best!
its been to long and im lost with out you!! miss u granny!!
no way. But I'll let you keep talking
which one did you go to? I heard there's a Mirko in Toco Hills but I saw one on Roswell too. Any good?
Half off all bottles of wine & draft beer today!
what's #oomf mean?
Called my brutha & first thing he said is we getting turnt when I step back in my city! Yumpppp
Too bad I have to have people do mine because I can't do one
Thanks for following. Hope you week is going well.
I swear to god if I see one pic or video on Twitter of fb I'm gonna flip a shit!!!! Come quick were goin to a teen club
Large donations from out of state interests?
thanks for the Siri tips. Can't wait to give her a try. I asked her to read my email and she said she couldn't. Weird?
Most people are as happy as they make up their minds to be. - Abraham Lincoln
Craziest... Hrmmmm, , two sumo wrestlers and a Leprechaun. You?
Like a rhinestone cowboy...riding out on a horse in a star-spangled rodeo.
Happy birthday
We need more grassroots initiatives like in Baltimore!
White iPhone4 To Be Available in Spring 2011 eweekeurope.co.uk/news/white-iph… via
Retarded means being Slow or Limited in Intellectual or Emotional Development ! If u don't like being called this word, STOP ACTN LIKE IT !
Thanks for the follow! We love you and WBGO! Class acts, all!
Who wants to go walking after midnight?
I wanna spend the whole day outside D:
Thanks for the follow!
biebsss I love u u r amaziing love boyfriend can't wait for the vid well gotta go love u follow back please <3 thank u
Wicked Carnival is officially on Twitter!
I am an Aztec for life. Go Aztecs!
I have yours
They kissed! #DWTS who couldn't see that very real kiss
I'm not going to force it today...tomorrow's a brand new day.
Not Everybody Is Gonna lyk Wat U Do. Som Wil Spit Bak @ U. Turn Their Spit In2 A Scented Body Lotion, Smear It Al Ova uR Skin n Just Move On
I swear I'm a lesbian on the inside
you better! if not then im gonna not talk to you for a day! hahaha
don't have any. howru
the new music sounds good my dude. We might have too do that collab in the near future. Get at me!! 100!!
do not mock me! i am a firm believer in nessy :]
Yeah, Stephen's great. I've followed his work for years.
is proud to announce that it will be holding its inaugural East Coast Free Agent Camp in Charlotte, NC Aug 6-Men Aug 7-Women
Hi Andrea, I plan to get n there soon. I'll fill u n when I c u.
Even something as simple as showing someone a smile or acknowledgement can change someones day. I know it has for me.
one day i’ll be what you want, but you won’t be what i need.
Tickets for the Night of Chocolate are on sale in the Brooks Lounge! Stop by and get yours for just $8
I shouldn't have said anything.
I hate annoying people!!!!
Need to be using Evernote. Looks like a great tool for my too-mobile life.
Lol you already have Tattoos! :p ...I don't I'm slacking D;
Happy Birthday, Rosario! Have a great and wonderful day!
95 to 99% read texts sent to them are read within 3 mins
Prefinished Tiete Chestnut solid 3-1/4" unbelievable grain in this flooring. Rich dark brown tones. In-stock now.
Don't be a bore...be a whore :D jk
Before there was there was and 32 years to the day before that. I was born. Thank you God for one more day.
It's so scary to drive on the free way while it's raining this hard. Can't see a thing. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A6>
Yo, it's ....50% of women use their cleavage to get things...so be honest what have you used it for??
Only trust thyself, and another shall not betray thee. - William Penn
I checked. Already done :-)
We are at 499 followers. Looking forward to No. 500 and beyond!
so far i have selena gomez, miranda cosgroves, zendaya and kenton duty autographs, hope to get more soon :)
I think soo do you remember what they were fighting about?
Put down "Pride & Prejudice & Zombies." Is this what it takes to "sell" a classic to the masses today? Action, blood, zombies...
Working with parent-teacher associations in the next few weeks. Know a school that would be interested? Email us at
haha and now that I have busted you, who might this be?
What Would It Take For You To Stop Pirating?
I'm sure lots of people were confused. Possibly most.
19th and M Qdoba is starting student day like Gtown store! Half off Saturdays
even told me, ‘Stay close by my workers until all my harvest is finished.’” 22And Naomi answered her daughter-in-law Ruth, “It
We would love to see you all this Sunday. It will be a lot of fun. You'll feel like you're back in
Been waiting for girl's night at Sticky Rice al week
If you want to sponsor next year's 3rd annual , give us a shout. Sponsor application available soon! gettinsauced.com
Not too bad, it got me on the wrist area.
"I COULD CHOP COCAINE WITH THIS MUUF***A"
SPRING FEVER!!!!
Welcome! Sad to be missing you & #Yarnover this weekend!
Man, I'm headed to the Academy right now!
Tonight! Come celebrate life with #teamtaurus at club 58. Free Parking, beautiful people, Sexy vibes, no dresscode
Aladdin's Lamp Book Store Going out of business sales in June - Arlington, VA 703-241-8281 - books, puzzles, puppets, Baltic amber jewelry
Checking in @ Getty 4 Family Festival. Perfect day for some beautiful art & fun with the kids.
Congrats to and Southern Miss. Two teams from CUSA in the tournament, great for the conference.
BREAKING NEWS: Police investigating shots fired during a purse snatching near the 92/division MAX platform.
Meow, the nationally famous 39-pound cat, has died of pulmonary failure in a Santa Fe animal shelter. Last Thursday, he had begun wheezing.
www.slobbersnaks.com
Thank You to everyone who we met at the Cavanaugh Briday Show this past Saturday & Sunday! We look forward to making your wedding special!
Aha , he dont never be doing anything(:
Sony Ericsson Phone New | Sony and Toshiba Products
hahaha I hear you. Have a good week:-)
Totally. They blow. And blow hard. I can't wait till the Pirates can renegotiate their tv deal.
Haha. Have you really?! I never thought you the type.
snow peas and sugar snap peas are not the same thing.
Ready to watch you play some football!!
Cassius just asked me to wrap his hair in a towel after getting out of the shower. Kid needs a fucking haircut, STAT.
#FunFact- Every continent has a city called Rome
Watching a lunar eclipse
love your blog! I <3 halloween!!!
Khleo Thomas is one of my favorite artists, go follow him! -
he was sitting on our water spicket outside this morning (: I love him
#WhenIWas13 I was bullied almost daily for being attracted to boys.
haha damn that sucks ! I'm hells juiced
: can you two help me get the ux chat off the ground? hoping you can join and spread the word. what say? thx
The majority of men meet with failure due to their deficiency of persistence in creating new plans to take the place of those which fail.
I need seen a person pace so damn much.
Welcome to Naptown Chuck Pagano! RT : League source tells PFT that Chuck Pagano will be the next Colts coach.
hahaha the inconvenient saltwater fish?
Don't forget...Today is the last day to drop courses or withdraw without DR or W on your transcript. See your advisor to discuss options.
I just want to take it nice & slow
LOL...Free is so seductive that it probably has bitten all of us...
they can't even do that, Luck ain't there lol maybe they can play on Larry Bird's farm?
Soho Met:Toronto - I thank you for the upgrade.
The root of an unchanged life is the digestion of sin without indigestion of heart. - j owen
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm. -Winston Churchill
I need to make it nobody go hard like me.
Maybe your dick is so small because you took 3/4 of it and shoved it in your personality.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
{takes 's hand} Warton meet Moo {gestures to Moo}. Moo meet Major Warton Whitlock. He eats people unlike people eating cows
There is a certain sadness flying around NYC today. It almost feels like an old song
Thanks to the many active tweeters!!!
Never take life too seriously; after all, no one gets out of it alive.
If art doesn't make us better, then what on earth is it for
If only the Africans got along well enough to actually BE a country.
Can't tell if outfit is stupid or stylish
“ I love my friend i can tell her anything”} and vice versa love!
you are living the life.
whenever u get famous put me in. your video..lol
Gonna try to sleep( hopefully ) !!!!!!!
Omg brain fart I totally forgot about that haha. I don't follow them anymore, so they arent able to respond back neway right? :c
Sometimes I feel like im addicted to sex then other times I feel like its over-rated.........
Rip coach k you will be missed I would give anything to play another year under you
Am I alone in missing the old, simpler days of Twitter...?
great, you?
brain is drained!
Forget napping. I'm gonna watch Vampire Boys.
So excited for the day!
What Would Keith Judd Do
Everyone and their mammas loves bud light. <U+E40E>
I am a very lucky man! I love my family and my job.
Yeah I am not a fan of OKC and their goodie-goodie media narrative. I think if Lakers don't get them SA will.
At least he's not a lefty
Well.....that was a quick weekend.
Clippers say they will match any offer given to DeAndre Jordan! I can't say I blame them. The guy averaged almost 2 blocks per game.
why do i have to be so assertive and direct with EVERYTHING ELSE, but when it comes to telling you i like you, im as timid as a mouse?
Good night! Today ‘Abdu’l-Bahá laid the cornerstone for America’s first Bahá’í house of worship.
Karina Smirnoff Says Gavin DeGraw Is Working on Being Romantic ...
Walker has gone above and beyond to harm #WI natural resources. If you're a #conservationvoter SIGN a #recallwalker petition today!
don't drink too hard.
Happy for you Queens fans. Football needed to stay here.
I so agree with you Bim! That's why I don't do Facebook either! :o)
I am so drunk!!
I never do this! Sitting outside at my city hall's fountain enjoying the sun and a Jamba Juice. Ah...
hell yeah I just didn't wanna take that shit at tech.
yeahh like no get out haha theyll like you the same amount if you like them or don't...
St. Elmo's...and get the shrimp cocktail!
The board also voted to release Vega investigation showing billed PR work that was never performed. suhsd.k12.ca.us/news/2012/01/s…
So exited to do an environmental portrait shoot with a glass artist in his studio tomorrow!
Lol. Guess he got the hint from me looking away while he was talking. He left. LMBO!!
Love You too! RT: "Especially to Love you guys!! Thanks for the support."
WELL STATED on She contributes nothing, spreads hatred and incites fear. Makes #USA look infantile.
Think I've finally recovered from last night!
When I look into the future, it's so bright it burns my eyes. -Oprah
Me on a flight: read for 5min. Sleep for 4hrs. Read for 5min. Land
Woah; the crowd is gathering! Plenary session is about to start up on the 11th floor at
if u want it to be , master
Celtics coach also admits they should've fouled Philly earlier than 14.4 seconds.
Please 'Pardon Our Dust' as we update our website. Much appreciated for your understanding.
near durham
Appears to be more to the #Trayvon case than originally thought. Glad I wasn't to quick to pass judgement...
i will probably pass..show last night and then shows for the next 3 nights. i do love though!
Now that was the best 4/20 ever. I still can't feel my face lol
I'm losing my voice
key word: "highly"
": Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. -Steve Jobs" AMEN TO THAT! HAPPY RESURRECTION DAY!
Hi. I love you. Too bad i dont exist too you:( I <3 "Delanie"
To the igloo to the sled and the sweat drips down our paws all these female dogs
Making assumptions only makes you sound ignorant
I want in on this!
The president just dissed Kim Kardashian. Best thing ever.
just starting the search. How best to translate building a company for value in corporate logistics?
Welcome new summer freshmen! We hope you had a good first day of classes. And by good, we mean lulled into a false sense of security.
Good for you! I'd still keep a weather eye out for 'em, though. One never knows . . .
The #Yankees are only 2.5 back coming into tonight's game v. the #Orioles. And, #ARod is not turning on the ball yet.
How do your boys always know who gets kicked off AI? I watched just to see if Hollis was right - impressive!
First time ever saying this, but
ur parents just dont like whore's i guess....
sorry, it is not. But we do have more vegan specials coming to comet soon.
I swear i think i'm #AddictedTo Tazo Teas
. proud of his mom's college degree, but thinks college is bad for today's youth. at least he's consistently hypocritical.
Girls, if a guy pauses a video game to text you back... marry him, if not, wtf are you doing there!?!!? Lol
Were account logins & passwords preserved? I can't login to my account on the new site.
Why the fuck are you talking about me when I'm sitting right across from you?
nice double chip there tubby.
I gotta 100 round drum ima rock n roll band
Touch Back From Woodhead. Brady passes to Gronkowski. for a gain of 7. 2nd and 3.
the fat blue fox jumped past the boring dog.
Go ahead and let others take the lead: sometimes it's more comfortable to be the follower rather than "the followed"
hopefully your BEST move.
founding an anti-social network.
“: great to meet up today! meeting folks like you inspires our work in government” Awesome talk! You're a gov rockstar!
thats rude bro
Busy dawg...wish I could, puttin this work in.
so u drive an Acura lol
So Nialls gone partying & so has Louis & El. While Harry Liam & Danny chill in the States.(: Whereas Zayn's hanging with family & frends.
People be reading twitter like everything ppl tweet is about them.. SMDH! They are just tweets ppl lol
He conquers who endures.
thanks, jason!
I auditioned for a play today. I read for two parts and I think I did pretty well, but who knows. I need something to look forward to.
Try not to be a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value. – Albert Einstein
I have a paper due, a midterm, a press release to write & a meeting with a client the day after St. Pattys.
that im in MA; orig was born and raised there :)
... i knew you where my favorite teen star for a reason...lol
If I didn't have something to distract me during 4 hours of managerial economics, I'd most definitely end my own life.
I Fear no man. Because No weapon formed against me shall prosper. In gods name we pray. Amen.
Stoked for to drop a new album soon!
Old RT : Why am I in bed already
almost as cool as "acqua di gio" and cigarettes.
can't stand joey logano
Happy Mother's Day! We see some of the most caring moms in the world here at Rady Children's every day.
can't follow until 2morrow reached my limit.
shit that goes down at
Adult heartworms can grow 10-12 inches in length.
Henna is so cool :)
You mean like Joel Schumacher's Batman??
oh yes, absolutely!
Christina Aguilera is starting to look rideable in a completely nonsexual livestock kind of way.
2 hour commute for the second time this week to visit a knee specialist. Hopefully the prognosis isn't too bad. Wish me luck!
U have no one to talk to, so u tweet..
RT : ATHLETIC REPUBLIC NAMED OFFICIAL PARTNER OF HOCKEY EAST: Athletic Republic, the industry leader in performance s......
Use lots of Sunscreen!
im going to bed though! If you can find a pic of you on tv and send it to me, that'd be cool :) Gnight!
Christopher Plummer, easy for Best Supporting Actor
Archetype Dermigraphic would like to give back to the community that supports them so well. They're offering a $300 tattoo gift certificate
We got some good crowd last night and we have a feeling that tonight's gonna be a good night Hm Hm...
You could always stay in and have a Bible study. :)
Aw wait.. The son died nevermind ;-;
Except when I take the seats out of the van and let everyone fly around when I slam on the brakes!
I'll be there in just a few minutes :)
you know how Mondays are like ugh!! well can brighten the day with an #acfamilymeeting. music & laughs, doesn't get better
Hello <3 I haven't get your phone call yet :-( for the questions for business
Im glad nobody is texting me, haven't been on campus since 10:45 this morning.
Don't get weak during the week find your strength in time spent in Him
meting out some friendly reference at ucla and some harsh restaurant reviews on yelp.
there can definitely be something both queer and anarchistic about navigating this city as a pedestrian.
Messing around with SharpMap in IronPython.
Drainage. It's super disgusting.
welp back to the doctors... ughh <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Tornado Warning! Yay!
too kind sir<3
you are very welcome. Sleep well.
Boehner looks really stress out and he's lost some weight.
WORD <U+2665> Same Here Boy ,
You're so right. Learning keeps life fresh and exciting. Thx for your interest in the librotrafficker event!
@ charlotte, leaden steps
just got #silversky, great work fellas! Love the album!
I really don't understand war I just said
I didn't know the NFL also had a "Big Baby" Davis?? Nice tears Vernon! Go 9ers!
how are you today???
That moment you wake up, don't know where you are, and then realize youre in California
I'm so unbreakable, you don't know what to think
when it comes 2 shows such as Malibu country how do they pick the cast?? Was this written 4 u?? IT SOUNDS PERFECT 4 U!! LUV YA :))))
What goes well with Public Online Information Act? CITABILITY! It is like chocolate and peanut butter!
Straight cash, homie.
Got up at 2:45am this morning to volunteer at the LA Acura Bike Race. Ready for a nap now...
They have had an awesome draft and free agent pick ups. They will be a force!
o wow thats cool. Ariana has fans EVERYWHERE lol i hope she tours there 1 day so u can meet her!
Anyone who calls himself a cab driver will have to pay me ten bucks a day. Cool huh?
I wonder how will spend her birthday.
yeah I dormed this year but I'm from LA :)
Hey you should tell all your friends to like us and The Last Troubadour!!!!
Great ceremony for former Fire great C.J. Brown. Good introduction and personal video tribute.
follow back please(:
Any time sir!
I.hate.papers. English will be the death of me. #shootme Glad it's 10 pm and I'm just now starting on it...
Hope everyone had a great Easter! Jesus is alive!
New Music dropping June 1st. My debut EP BarakTheRapper. Uptown in this.
Some things in life just don't need to be told to everyone.....Keep it in the tri.
What if writers communities began organizing to demand price-setting norms in the new e-pub market?
Paterno doesn't "coach"...he watches the game from the sidelines.
yeah, Suzy and I started watching it this week and just dominated season 1. Couldn't stop watching it.
Rihanna made you red heads, NickiMinaj made you barbies, Cher Lloyd made you shave half your heads and now Beyonce's turned you all pregnant
#Imagine Making out with then he starts going down your pants and sticks two fingers inside you<3
RT : S/o 2 My Girl .. Major Projects On The Way...
ill have some tomorrow (:
. "Twi-ximity" is a term I've created to describe the coolness one feels by following super people like you.
Actually ! MT On w Rachel tonight on MSNBC at 9. My task: explain how bad GOP budget is #HInt:ThisSpeakerGoesTo11
Why do I have to be so shy with my older siblings?! lol <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Don't judge me by my past, I don't live there anymore.
why would that be rude! It really depends on what you are looking for in terms of space.
You could sit on your patio today OR you could come to ours and we'll wait on you hand and foot!
#ff I'ma start with us. Follow Such a good decision.
It's #lemonadeday in #ATX this Sunday. If you see a little kid with a lemonade stand, buy some and help inspire a future entrepreneur.
feel like going to sleep early tonight. night twitter ha
Working on a release schedule widget showcasing upcoming theatrical & DVD releases. Any parties interested in trying it out?
Jon Glaser = solid dude. Michigan guy. My early pick for Bridgetown 2012 MVP.
Nothin to do!
Your website looks good. But where is the link to your Chronicle piece?
im sorry guys tried to cover it, I didnt want to mess up everyoneso day but lil man is down!
And here are some culprits! You guys are making me hungry.
GM to all the wonderful people making a change in this world and everyone using their energy on positive things!
I find it sad when ppl make fun of another person without knowing anything about them
Hook never gets old.
I thought so, but two days ago I slept till 5pm, and then woke up at 4am this morning... hmm.
im pretty sure my car needs some work done to it.. hopefully the money for it just appears under my pillow or something
Will there be #ClippersLive shows during round 2?
Watch "Kicking it Old School" to learn breaking? Lol, are you sure?
Slow motion for me, slow motion for me, move it slow motion for me
March Madness begins today! Who do you think will take it all?
#NeverShouldYouEver leave your good girlfriend for your one night stand just cus she wouldn't give you play.
TRUST the one who can see these 3 things in YOU; SORROW behind your SMILE, LOVE behind ur ANGER...& REASON behind ur SILENCE.
You guys are cracking me up tonight. :--)
so i definitely need to get a job n a job to do one a many things n thats to take a trip n see the Canadian French Quarters
Who the hell invented "my yearbook" that shit is stupid!
Hello everyone! ust here on the Vineyard stalking POTUS!!! Wish me luck!! Only one sighting so far...
tweety tweet twatting tweety birds tweet tweet tweet =)) WHO!!!
Join us for lunch or dinner and enter our Chillin and Grillin Promotion. First place wins RV rental, cooler, camping furniture &grill tools
Ugh they didn't leave yet
so did you get to go flying today?
Im addicted to puting money in the bank. I used to like shoe boxes now I like when my Balance grows.
So sad to hear about Junior Seau... gotta respect great players and he was one.
#FCP users? Do you use use the audio mixer for recording keyframes? I never use it.
“: I think I'm allergic to Detroit. Maybe Michigan as a whole. #Strugglin'” Any advice?
Why does Gale look like Evgeni Malkin
I miss seeing. on TV..maybe I should play Hookie one day:D JK then I can't go to Prom(:
Hahahahaha RT : If I introduce you to a restaurant and we break up, you better never go there again.
Someone finished my root beer flavored milk... :(
Is anybody else getting up early to watch the Tony nominations?? Anybody? Nobody? Ok.
yahhhhh!!!!! AWESOMEE!!!!!! cant wait to hang out with ya
I'm so tired its not even healthy :/ lol & I look ugly. I'm probably gonna be all grouchy today.
Finally getting to watch the finale of #americanidol and jeeze I am such a sap! Tears.
But many of the opponents were women, too...
RT this and i will rate you on your whole profile(;
Being controlling Is such a no-no.
Family today (:
Appetizer...fried green tomatoes or crab cakes!! One of our favorite restaurants!
If an interesting monster can't have an interesting hairdo I don't know what this world is coming to. - Bugs Bunny
he hates michael bay,
haha right?? I hope I get tickets!
iight I'll check it when I get back to my room
what did you do today?(:
will be released on May 19, 2011.
Beware the Ides of March.
hi Nash :) my daughter and I can't wait to see you guys in concert in Chicago!!
(bryan) RT : "jackson pollack velocity" best analogy for keeping up with the noise i think i've ever heard.
so far so good. I will keep you posted on the progress. Next round is Thursday.
yea very quick nip. Heading back now. Game tonight is going to be really good. Better than last week.
Babysitting Gunner tonight <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B6>
If all these schedule leaks are true, imagine the #Packers and #Vikings meeting in the Vikes' last game before moving from Minnesota.
you're going?
Needless to say my dreamscapes are awesome :-)
Chilln'...Trying to get it going this morning. Plans for the weekend?
I said Burr, It's cold in here, there must be some torros in the atmosphere? I know you don't think some white girl thought that up….
Finished reading the Steve Jobs bio. Very insightful, inspiring and a hell of trip. Talk about being driven and focused!
": loving this, whose paper or talk are you tweeting?" Marcus Boon, then Eric Lott.
Just another #manicmondayyyy. I wish it were Sunday-
Morning runs :)
Stevie Wonder just did a special rendition of "Ribbon in the Sky" called "An Angel in God's Choir" for #WhitneyHouston's funeral.
Need a laugh? No questions then, just dial (719) 266-2837. Don't worry, you're safe for work.
am not!
Thanks to @ CandacitaBonita for your love injections!! We heart u!
Hopefully the time goes by fast.
Mayne u Gotta treat em like that, if u wanna keep em motivated to earn they stripes.
am i louis gf
I remember when people when they were mad at some one would tell them to "drop dead"
Ha, a Rangers fan, eh? : ) Looks like May 23rd will be the date, hoping to lock that down and get invites out tomorrow.
Definitely not!
In English class.. Doing nothing. The usual..
CONGRATS on the new job! They are SO lucky to have you!
I'm doing a film where I play the role of a mom with an autistic child. Your book has been so helpful, Louder than Words.
,Hi followback me
Upper st clair..too damn far
#90sproblems RT IF YOU HAD A GAME BOY WITH TAPE ON THE BACK TO KEEP THE BATTERIES IN BECAUSE YOU LOST THE COVER OR BROKE IT
"How can any deny themselves the pleasure of my company? It’s beyond me.” Zora Neale Hurston
Its Wednesday so you know what that means - LADIES in for FREE! James Ervin Berry is downtown & is in B Rip! 8:30pm! 255-4211
Charles Katz, one of our professors, is leading a discussion about human trafficking in faculty center, Wed. at 6 p.m.
Fancy subway, wanna come? :D
The racism we experience is a systemic racism. One that attempts to explain away police, media & structural racism in the USA.
Will Raheem be the Vikes D-Coordinator or secondary coach?
unfortunately if you dont know who one direction is, you live on fucking antarctica ok
My bride and I R Headed to Vegas tomorrow to celebrate our 1yr Anniversary! Such a blessing.Gonna miss Rod jr. My 1st plane flight..ohh boy!
« >>> RT : his sweater reads BITCH IM FROM MILAUKEE ! #pantherfest»
World Peace said I don't shake hands with substitutes.
Stay out of Hollywood tomorrow. Gonna be jammed because Obama is going to be around there doing events..
#WhenBlackFolksThrowAParty it's gon be some dominoes or spades being played
Imma take Steelers lanyard and put his keys on my #ArmyStrong lanyard when he's asleep! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Thanks for your tweet! Have an excellent day and week!!
U got that! ;) RT : Crazy stressed, in need of prayer
My first children’s book is coming soon! If you are looking for a great gift for a child you know, put “The Belly Monster” on your list!
this man called his og for two bags of flamin' hot cheetos... smh
The winner of the Kelly Clarkson tickets has been notified. Thank you to everyone who entered!
Getting the heart and the mind on the same page is a challenge; the heart, the mind AND the body? A hopeless cause.
Our first HYDRO (YES!) #BhutJolokia! We've been trying to make these 5 #GhostPepper plants flower indoors for almost 6 months!
That's how powerful mom's words are to kids, I've been pondering this choice hardcore for weeks! It made sense, I said "ok" & it was done
Recently Said This Business is 90% Business & 10% Talent,Lindsay Lohan Is Suing Him Again Saying This Guy Just Wont Stop
LETS GO GIANTS!!!
Thanks, guys! Appreciate it.
I heart you (thanks !)
Iguanas can stay under water for up to thirty minutes
Is it wrong to have sex b4 you're married? Only if it makes u late for the ceremony!
Newt says the elites in Washington and New York do not represent the interest of everyday Americans.
Yay!! Goosebumps for you over here! Another girl!! Names???
Oh gosh SWAT IT MAKE IT SUFFER AH there is one in my room now. Geez what is this gypsy magic. HOW DID IT GET IN?
That's good! You have a whole year to prepare!
das ya lunch?
Going to Wright's field in Alpine to map "undesirable plant species" with Claude E today.
Bato heads one in, first goal of the 2nd half for , ends Wave 17-0 run.
Catch my mixes tonight on 1035 kiss fm Chicago!
its what we do.
Fox News Jennifer Griffin, Dancing with the Stars Louis Van Amstel, comic Lisa Ann Walter Wed 5.25 9-11pm(pst) on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
When you stop chasing the wrongs things you give the right things a chance to catch you.
do you walk around your house in sparkly onesies by chance?
Waka Waka Waka! Which gimmick is gonna get signed next???
RT : Got my acceptance for ! Woot! Thanks, and see you in March!
Lmao RT : Looking for a yungninja like u lol RT : No idea why Jim jones mom is in sin city lmao
Why this weekend over! It is never long enough...
Sure, Easter morning before family lunch is a great time to make a first attempt at eclairs. Here's hoping.
Hey Tyler, we can print those for you, just send an e-mail to and he can fill you in.
Everyone and everything you see is in flux.
Got her address? I'm quite adept at hand to hand combat.
M'aider m'aider help me help me!
need a ride?
Miss America evening gown competition just concluded. Stunning gowns, beautiful ladies, and beautifully staged.
Just finished this month's Book Club read -- Fairy Tale Interrupted. (r terenzio). And I cried at the end. Naturally.
This weather is awesome! RT if you agree!!
Thank you for speaking at last night! Already put my app in for the #marketing internship!
basketball game tomorrow cant wait :)
Elephant on a unicycle? Just another day
Some people complain that roses have thorns. I am grateful that thorns have roses. ~Alphonse Karr
Liked the last blog post.
I know its ridiculously amazing!!
are you one of those 'bots'?
Great #taptalks in DC privacy summit! Tx
We're on Pier Ave. & The Strand in Hermosa at the Hennessey's SUP & Paddleboard World Championships After Party! Stay Hydrated, South Bay!
nice view, huh?
hello! More later! Have a great weekend!<U+E056>
Just got an email from my tiny Credit Union that had the footer on it! I Feel warm and fuzzy that ET isn't Indycentric anymore.
aye when you goin back
You ask me!
,NINO THE UNDERBOSS !COME CHECK OUT THA NEW ALBUM STREET SHIT OVER WEAK SHIT,HOT SINGLE NINO ,FEAT.SLIM THUG NEW SHIT!
why didn't you let me know before we wrapped? 2 tributes to you in the film though.
“: I think I'm afraid to be happy. Because whenever I get too happy, something bad always happens.”
Honestly not sure I'd agree. Delta+NWA actually seemed to have gone down smoother and those two were bankrupt.
that is a volatile combination.
Of course the one night I really need to go to sleep early I'm wide awake and feeling a ton of creative energy.
Oh yeah. 4 and 5 piece bands should just fold right now.
prior was cool but mr Wilson sucks I have a video on Facebook that took on the last day in that class haha
Thanks for everythign, VA Beach! We're NC-bound with hearts full of health and bellies full of bagels
Let the music take you away!!!
for the follow
"Negative, bossy meat creature."
On Thursdays we funnel!!!
I don't care what you had for lunch.
Six-year old cat for free. He may piss all over your carpet, poke and prod your boobs, and sleep on your head, but he's company.
Only seen the pilot. It's good, but it's no #DoctorWho. I think I may watch #Torchwood soon. Love me some Captain Jack.
With my nigs fuck the other side.
Thank you for the shortout. alright, now let me talk you about the issue...jk
Casting Net: Taylor Swift nearing noteworthy role as Joni Mitchell, plus Mark Wahlberg, Guy Pearce, Jaden Smith
Auditions for Coming Out in 2 days. Already have 150+ confirmed for auditions.
Dan, I've got your track scheduled to be featured as the download of the day on 5/2/12.
I'll come whenever you come to Miracle Mile! But if it's to see Sabin the Babe-in or for your Lobsta rolls, you'll never know.
Thanks for the follow Ginger!:)
- But that's not how it works. You conceive the trade offers, and I'll comment on 'em AFTER the deals are officially on the table
My pleasure! Well deserved.
It's whenever boo. You already know we got to play catch up.
If Indianapolis can play in the AFC south I see no reason the O's can't play in the AL Central. We'd be a dynasty.
PIE Demo Day was incredibly interesting, went back and immediately tried out and have to say its a great tool.
Hush. I'm still going.
Yes, today I admit I was a bit lazy but tomorrow I have a jammed packed day :-)
Listen bro, you're wearing a Hollister shirt. So sit down; and shut the fuck up.
I eat subway daily
thanks for the mentions and RTs: Org #culture friends to know.
I want to know how the fuck I gained 10 pounds.
if a guy cries its not cuz his pussy... its cuz he's really hurt.
lmao thanks and yes i am ur bitch :)
#Hoedown is 24 hours away!! What sings do you want to hear?!?!
tickets aren't going on sale next week, only the tour dates are being released. if you live in the U.S, tickets go on sale in june. ~
Chev! Guess who's on board :)!
Headed to lovely #Denver! Can't wait to meet all these great people for our #event. #Emmy award winning musicians, best selling authors
Woohoo! 100% uptime in April. Take that five nines.
I think I was meant to live on the beach. How does one go from growing up on the beach to living in a cold city?
I don't know dude you tell me
Quick Hits: iPhone Feature May Have Helped Husband Uncover Cheating Wife In today's Quick Hits, tracking technology helps uncove
Take me with you. I need a dose of Tokyo!
I wish i had some _______ right about now...
Have you been to Vevay, Ind.? What do you love about it?
Looking for some wisdom on dealing with stress in the superintendency.
it'll be nice in CA! See you next Sunday! :)
best Friday of summer!
awesome -- will give her a try. Thanks!
Workplace #safety tip: Store your own emergency supplies (flashlight, walking shoes, water bottle, nonperishable food)
Trust issues
Something is better than nothing.
For those interested... This chick is definitely #TeamMayweather! Cotto is going down!!!!
12uMajor big texas cool down brackets are up on turntwo.og
Who's the biggest disappointment in Fantasy Football thus far this season? Let us know and we'll mention it on this week's podcast.
I am against the PLA. Without quantifiable data, I go by my Company’s experience that shows you add about 40% to the bid by using PLA’s.
u write thatbio i never got the email..and im by one now
Why can't we stop the war?Over 20 navy seals today and so many more of the warriors have lost their lives and for what?When do we walk away?
that is so cute, you are lucky!
The chairs for DDH are equally uncomfortable for all. You coming?
Okay. I admit it. I have TOO much stuff. #wheretostart #timetopack Dominican in 5 days
Wonderful And heartfelt trip to the children's hospital today reminded me of how blessed I am and how much I love my job and what I do
Randomly singing, Kid Cudi's. "Mr Rager" around the house. My family probably knows all the lyrics now lol.
Very exciting conversation going on Fri with director Julián Zugazagoitia & #anh founder Eric Fischl about American people, politics and art
any cute Brewers stuff??
TONIGHT WE HAVE OUR EXCITING KARAOKE NIGHT!!!!
Just got did dirty man. Smh
What the what?
Things have gone from bad to worse: the Caribbean cover band outside work is playing Fur Elise.
each NBA player is his OWN business but its the Olympics and its for USA and they have the right to NOT play stay home shut up
It's awesome-time in my #turntable.fm dj booth! Playing some poppy global beats by
Why haven't they installed a mirror on cars that only cover your blind spot??
Step 4 is have fun & feel free to ask questions.
Kafka is the only person who really understands me.
"Hold her like a conversation"-Lil' Wayne
too early to tell. Painter has starting experience but if we get to him we're screwed anyways
how about Old Thompson?
TY. May I ask who is ur favorite?
im mad though! I was gunna have drinks at applebees
much needed!
Processed and canned fruits do not have as much fiber as fresh fruit and they are nearly always sweetened
RT : Join us this Thursday at 9amET for a conversation with about our nation's fiscal priorities! Details here:...
- Btonebeats hit me there first
Walk it back, Joe. Walk it back.
# UCLA baseball's motivational speaker = Charlie Sheen. #FightOn!
After reading the Wilson piece, wondered if you had any thoughts on Weinke? Did he earn his votes for the Davey O'Brien award?
not me thats for sure… like legit read my tumblr post haha
I wrapped all my presents but forgot to remove the price tags! I'm not going back. What would you do? Ah, yeah your stuff was on sale ok.
Oh her eyes, her eyes make the stars look like they're not ___ her hair her hair falls __ whithout her trying She's so ___ and i tell her __
Online lectures >>>>>>> in-class lectures
Happy Mothers Day!!
coffee. food... need!
Wish could Executive Produce my LP... *sigh* lol
RT IF YOU'RE CRYING WHILE WATCHING THE BOYZ
": Accolics Love Candice. For the wonderful barbie vampire and one of the sweetest person on this Earth." :)
all of us Odyssey people 'ruined' the floor of a brand new classroom. i think it's art.
where is the new place going to be? Rush??
Great times with my family. #ilovethem <3
Go to www.redbirdstudio.com if your trying to get your face out there in acting.
He's the man. Not only a man. But the GRANDman.(: Yes, I know. He's cute but not only cute, He can DANCE.<3 StandGrand
From South Grove TAP meeting: "Our teachers are stretching themselves, they are growing professionally."
I love you too gorgeous<3
Afternoon workout..
If you havebt noticed already ima wrestle just to get that out there :)
Books on books 50% off at Avol's, madison tweeps, including a few printing specimen books
who say im n stockton
how do u have all this time for twitter lol
There's no way it's 77 degrees outside.
ima txt u when I get out
Evening news is where they begin with 'Good evening', and then proceed to tell you why it isn't.
It makes Papa John's and Louisville Slugger Field that much nicer RT At least we can agree it was a dump
i understand :) I'm not either haha
My soon to be nine year old wants a birthday party with your theme! How can i find birthday decorations with you on them? Help!
Happy birthday
thank you! learn something new every day -- did not know that about oil/gas :)
N light a candle *flicks lighter*
I think I might just move here. Pretty awesome city.
Prayin' for my Uncle Adam. He has appendicitis. and is gonna have surgery. ):
I luv the weekend
Is it considered idling if your moving your car back and fourth in your parking spot?
yea ur the beast thanks
Man I'm sayin, y its so damn foggy out here. Even wit the brights I can see ish
chocolate is always the best incentive! Hehe
Thanks to Pastor & 1st Lady Oliver & the Elizabeth Baptist Church for allowing me to preach God's word there today. What a time we shared
Haters hate because I have what they want <3
Anyone know if the mariners game is sold out tonight?
ok, after finally seeing a replay I understand all the hulabaloo about Smith's slash on Brown. Looks like he was training to be a lumberjack
well come to twitter. None of us can do it. Lol
ok Jeff, if any of the Network pro bowl trip winners didn't claim their prize, I want dibs please...ready to go today!
Good luck and Congrats to everyone running the Half Marathon in Central Park today!
the quote I just posted was from Count Maurice Maeterlinck's "Our Social Duty" I would've said so before, but these text limits are hard!
Be happy w/ whatchu got! RT : Couldn't have done this yesterday? RT BREAKING: Obama backs marriage equality
plan for tomorrow: lay out al day long. and get my belly button done
So true! RT True 90's kids have used the phrase "Get off the phone, I have to use the Internet."
happy birthday!
I hate boston.
UConn Sweet and Elite Great game, voice is gone
have an Awesome weekend!
being a 19th century kinda guy working in the 20th century is a challenge...but 1976 lets me do both...love history and memory!
“: FEMME FATALE is Britney Spears most anticipated album of the year 555” is she coming put with 2?
2nd retraction: APD doesn't refer to people as scumbags, but as "dirt bags". Overheard on radio scanner last night. no bullshit, no joke!
Thanks. Looking forward to it.
#Jamboree Breakfast with Thomas MacEntee "21st Century Marketing for #Genealogy Societies.
Happy Hour at Buddha-Bar until 7! $5 select cocktails, appetizers and sushi. Do it, do, do it!
“If man has no tea in him, he is incapable of understanding truth and beauty.” - Japanese Proverb
All bundled up for Winter Lantern Festival . Bring on the snow!
If u miss #BESTOFTHEBEST comedy show
Did you know that companion rats enjoy Max & Ruffy's mini bites just as much as dogs?? We have a huge rat following - Love it!!
A Pessimist is what an Optimist calls a Realist
let's go next week on one of my days off !!!
Don't miss #psbjexpo Wed Oct 26. It's the best biz expo in Seattle. Visit at booth 303,305 and meet our biz experts.
hey i just met you and this is crazy but you're annoying as fuck
Happy St Patricks Day!
My 23 year old son got his first full time job this week working at Panera's Bread. Very excited for him.
Dang. People been talkin my head off all day. I just want a moment of silence lol .
27 seconds remaining....FINS 60 BU 56!!! LETS GO FINS! Time to Finish!!
Watching The Lion King with my baby cousins. It's not a good weekend for my family. If you care about someone, let them know.
awesome, please keep us posted on the #tag you choose. We are really interested to read all about it!
Your giving me more to stop fucking with you....i need a blunt nd I dont even smoke
same here
RT :“We’ve got to do a better job training people in the skills that more employers are looking for.” President Obama
mann i'm sleepy
hey sexy!!
hbo miniseries! If I was a billionaire I'd fund it. Just gotta win the lotto
they just said The Brad has a lot of alcohol! Oh boy!
Awww thank you! RT : Spreading my love! Friend just took his first and LOVED it!
I hate that!!! It's a curse/gift lol RT My spider senses NEVER fail me
you use twice as many calories brandishing celery than you get from eating it.
1 Peter 3:12 For the eyes of the Lord are on the righteous,and his ears are open to their prayer...
it assumes weapons but not bribery. Bears are very honorable
Mysterious shaking illness? These are the first signs of becoming a zombie
Tori Amos just said, "Sup?" on this live album.
TONIGHT! We play at 6:30PM at Altar Bar with The Summer Set - Come hang out!!
From my Heart to yours, If no one ever told you. YOU are BEAUTIFULLY made#FLAWS&ALL
i gotta sick roster u dont have enough game 4me...mtmore210L$T.
I don't make music just to make it. I make it because it runs through me; it's in me. <U+25B2>
You Unfollowed me ?
just heard you on Sound Opinions on WBEZ Chicago. Bravo. You tore it up from the floor up. Can't wait to buy your album
to you as well!
Are you guys not doing the Ugly Sweater party at mulligans? I have to go harass He's in big trouble with me.
HAPPY APRIL FOOLS DAY
This Strawberry Italian Ice is delicious!!!
Of course it was a good entry.....you need to respect your elders!
I hate getting light headed out of nowhere.
Hey Dani, if you see this can you give me a shout put or a follow back? I'd be so thankful.
Lip Gloss & Lollipops and bartenders in all black...what more could you want ladies?
glad to see you finally moved out of your parent's house.
They should have played some salsa music too.
i like Ethiopian & i've been meaning to try it. Your review in less than 144 characters?
my favorite urls on twitter go out to & <3
and I can always appreciate ppl like that :)
I have a new crush... gonna make an inconspicuous move soon
Nice new aprons
Did you click the Request a Demo button? That's the quickest way to reserve. And where's the blog post abt us?
I hope you're right. I'm sick of that other stuff.
Thank God! Another mediocre OF, I was worried we might do something helpful.
hang in there bro.. #thirdparty #planb.. Loving the pics.. More please..
I would like to thank KU/Lawrence also and for showing me and all of my teammates a great time yesterday
This Wednesday at the Wine Bar, Gypsy Jazz with Hot Club of DC : guitars, violin, bass and vocals. 7pm. No cover.
Hold yourself responsible for a higher standard than anyone else expects of you. Never excuse yourself. - Henry Ward Beecher
...and while they administer to necessities of the sick, an opportunity will be afforded for administering the consolations of holy religion
nothing much. Just bored haha
veggie burrito
Sun is shining all is well, what a day today could be, to all followers i wish you a great day
Need a personal trainer? Train with Elite Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
What difference is it to you? You're so morally and creatively bankrupt you can't even afford the tic.
Dude I have no clue. q: RT : why so awesome and hot edward?? =))) <U+263A>
`Hunger Games&#39; heroine Katniss makes archery cool for kids, minus the hunger and killing stuff
Herbs that Heal « Civ Jones: I'm a firm believer that God has put everything we need on this earth to prevent diseases and to heal ou...
thanks for the FF man :) Hope you have a wonderful and blessed weekend
check out www.pandora360.com to try and get the last spot to vegas and hear what will soon be a very popular song.
I'm going to make some windows shine today. Happy Saturday!
there is nothing more infuriating than that one and "but you would be such great parents!"
yur totally amazing . Were gonna meet #SOMEDAY #NeverSayNever (: ILY
I got it
Bend it over , touch your toes , whip it out show them hoes your bankroll , sling your hair , do the broke hoe wit it poke it out .
was watchin boise vs georgia on youtube, he did look real good in that 2 pt stance. He def could be a beast!
Its actually somewhat nice out? What?!?
I already feel embarrassed
is plotting a photo project.
yes, absolutely!
omg well that picture! Look at his twitter it's tylershamy
in hot pursuit for MINE, what you do or don't is not on my radar
Listened to on Week in Startups podcast. story was pretty good when I heard it in the dorm room; even better 5 yrs later!
Gosh, this movie is good. I love how they're all talking over each other. The banter reminds me of my favorite books.
#KSsynapse L.van Aelst (CSHL): finds differential role of oligophrenin in syn development early vs. mediating mGluR LTD in mature synapses.
Oh, how I long for a normal work schedule. To sleep at night and live life when the rest of the world does would be divine!
are here, in massachusetts, playing a show and i have no idea where or when it is. i may cry.
cool as the other side of the pillow
have you ever head of//watched Torchwood??
See all of you lovely people tonight at . Come out and say Hello to us
very true but he's been having those good moments also!!!
Yesterday's quote was the first line of "A Series of Unfortunate Events: The Bad Beginning" by Lemony Snicket.
It's #masters week so I guess that means it's time for me to dust off my #golf clubs.
thank you
Smile Because It Changes Your Mood It Reliefs Your Stress And It Helps Yuhh Stay Positive. XD
sERVING sAN dIEGO BY THE SLICE!
Tweet me numbers, I make typos geez.
Said it yesterday, saying it today...Florida State WILL defeat Carolina. One time for Tallahassee!
I hate that.
Who's a winner here? Shane's a winner!
Exchange and ISA servers being crushed right now....GAHHHHHHHHH
Just saw a guy drinking out of a red cup while driving wtf #iwasthinkin that makes him a lowlife !
Seriously, honey? I so would have gone with the movie. ;)
we're also getting a ping pong table.
Is there such a thing as "I want to fuck her heels?" cause I think I just saw some. Damn, girl!
I blame Kareem jackson
Life is too short to be unhappy. Always forgive but never forget. People change and things go wrong but always remember LIFE GOES ON<3
RT My hateful anti-Yankees exegesis, 26 years in the making, in , out today
God already said you can... STEP OFF THE BOAT... Your heart tells you who you were born to be... STEP OFF THE BOAT... Continued next tweet
Thanks for the RT Dale. Have a nice week.
They gone LOVE ME for my ambition
Announcing today. Very much enjoying the DVD guros on Filmmaker Roger Corman.
I am so sorry about the Tornado and horrible weather down there.
grandma need to hurry and finishing cooking im hungry.
Damn ab/leg work-out gave me a monster headache:-/....body feels good tho
It's called Christmas with a Capital C, Jesus is the reason!
Go to work, not a minute of rest for you....lol!
Thanks for the RT! Those cookies sound delish.
Enjoyed seeing UK playing at Memorial but would have liked to have seen how full Rupp would get for an NIT game.
The most common #job in the U.S. in the 1890's was a farmer. Today it is a #salesman. -U.S. Census
Y don't these haters realize they just make me work harder!
Wishes that , , n would follow me.. *eyes shut tight, fingers crossed* :)
psssssh nobody hates him! He's too badass! :D
On my hustle. Beautiful struggle.
is there anything James Feeley cant do?!
Is there any way I could contact you regarding cinematic music videos for your clients?
BIG THINGS POPPIN!
Thanks for following! And I luv your avi!
lol awesome! if you get your tickets from us its like 2 dollars cheaper
or you should keep your hoe on a wooden handle.
YES bang on it. We're so going to Disneyworld ?
We are in 48hrs film festival Albuquerque, NM
Beam for me tonight gentlemen. Difference between home & KS awareness that good whiskey doesn't hide in purple bag
Philip Philips!! If he goes home im gonna be so mad!
On your nose on your ear .
Thank you for the follow!
it's a family letter c.1815 that at some point in early 20th century was put in cellophane to 'protect' it. RT What is that??
Both are great favorites of mine.
Yeah so what I just went creeping on ha
Campaign costs ~ $2.65 mil. Will the $2.47 mil PAC refund this to TX taxpayers?
A conference is a gathering of important people who singly can do nothing, but together can decide that nothing can be done.
So I turn on ESPN, who broke the PED story on #Braun. Surprise surprise, no Braun coverage ...
what does that mean? :)
Got to see the lovely and talented CJ Merriman on stage at tonight in Magic Bullet Theory
If anybody is looking to make a few extra dollars this summer, we have a part time job available. Management opportunity for one of the fes…
Okay thanks, I'll double check. Thanks for the heads up.
RT : Artists and geeks mixing it up today at www.createbaltimore.org
Are we really not going to use the account anymore? What are you going to do? Change the passwords?+
I'm annoying tf out of my little sister. lmao
#terps lax! Amazing! Awesome!
Hi Todd! We look forward to seeing you next Friday. Unfortunately, we do not take reservations. See you soon. TY
Bwhaha. Yes. You're first album is stellar.
thanks and likewise!
Severe thunderstorm while waiting at the gate in LEX airport. Fingers crossed, no delays.
RT : "Hello. Is it me you're looking for?" ...Lionel Richie will headline the July 4th Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular!
is performing for Creative Summer Camp tomorrow! We hope that our dynamic programming inspires our young audience to dance and choreograph.
I want a dog so badly too, but my cat would have none of it.
Team Edward or Team Jacob?
hey Jasmine V please watch me <3 -,-
Loved you once. Love you still, always have, always will <U+E328>
LOL that is funny! Looking forward to working with you.
Weekend promotion: enter "cyber" at checkout online and receive 25% off your order.
It ain't trickin if you got it baby.
you need to find balance in fighting for how the world SHOULD be, and finding ways to live in the world as it is. Pick your fights, people.
OH: You just put something in my box!
Lmaooo or layers.....the best is how upset they get and the next time they come back the want more!!
Happy Sunday ^_________^
$9 for parking!!!! Wtf! NO MORE SPENDING PERIOD!!
why is the focus always on the traffic jam, instead of the people who may be hurt or dead?
6 days until my one year. :-)
But the Less you have, The Less you have to lose...Look On The Bright Side Of Things
it going to be a little after nine
I was there earlier!! Must have.
1st of all I don't remember directing that to you 2nd I get my Iphone in like a week so I'm gone be a EAGLE then.
NIALL HORAN I HAVE A QUESTION! what does 'one four three' mean when its sung in a song?xx
Did you know Hatch has a Hospitality Division? We can staff your next event! Call/DM for more details.
Couch Money created it all... is a part of the start.. New Mixtape of his coming soon! #poptarts&applejuice
White is the new Black
Y should i be nice anymore these days... well I'm gonna say F*** It and tell ppl how it is and what's on my F'n mind...
now you got him started
- That is a basketball term - ask the Workout Sloth about basketball - one of MANY sports he loves...
Au contraire, mon ami -- there definitely are Debutante Balls in the North East. I knew people who went to them.
Dennis Hook Me Up With Some More Of That Whiskey
But half DP and half root beer is so good!
I think respect is the first most important thing in a relationship other than trust.
How to make Aegean Art Captivating...
MILWAUKEE edged out San Antonio by ONE hour Monday for listener hours on Rhythm & Jazz Radio with only 8 hours between SA, LA, KC, and ATL!
ok, just noticed this was 5 hours ago and not about my Monday craziness.
Are you joining us for #sharktank??
Just finished whirlwind weeks: identity, cloud and then WCF training...machine problems tried to bring me down...but I prevailed despite it!
Welcome to #Chicago! : Bubbly wine flight time
GP. curious what you mean by working? Seeing procees improvements internally or othwerwise?
explain then why still hunderds of people are sending thier demos everyday to my cluster of stations hoping they will be heard
Even tho I'm angry at I'm excited to see her ugly ass (:
Many thx to & all our guests & vendors for a fab event on Sat!
Worse, it's the Canadians....
Also, I'm going to start calling more people bums.
link for details?
Letting you're eyebrows wolf out because you want a different shape <
Buenos Dias or shall I say Good Afternoon ;)
thats all moms
That's so meta, I'm going to tell you that it's meta while doing a little meta-reflection of my own.
no problem
byyyyyyeee Tara!!! We will miss you!
Bruh YOu Got some Hard Ass Beats!
I am cool,
Why doesn't ever rain at this school omg it was pouring just down the street from it and it's almost blue skies here wtf
I like what Ida better then oh wells... What Ifs let's you have an imagination. Oh wells just shows you don't actually care
Need paralegal instructors 2 teach trademark, litsupport, research, real estate, corp online courses 4 sr.paralegals
Now I have boys 2 men in my head. Thanks Aaron Rogers!
yeah its not even that expensive 52 is not bad & thats for any seat but front row sold out ):
I'm with you.
I know, let's hang out this week! I'm back on Tuesday night.
Wow Diz Ppl?.
irv comin from a bulls fan who is already fishing, imma be real, you guys are going fishing real soon
me too, this sucks!
I'm fully over #BB13, it's soo boring now..no Dani or Jeff for drama purposes, now just catty bashing.. How fun is the finale going to be
Holy moly the panel is packed. I want him to do a couple of fist pounds. "Blood alone moves the hands of time."
Still trucking along at 5 am. Need to finish this study guide by 6 to fall in line with my schedule for an hr nap.
GIRL ILL BE THINKING ABOUT YOU WORLDWIDE WORLDWIDE WORLDWIDE.
Must have just missed you. We just left a little while ago.
Our bartender spent all evening Tuesday perfecting his martini. Come on in and give it a taste test. 1120 N. High St.
putting together the design for a new tattoo I'll be getting soon
tank tank..tanktanktank
DC shuts off the spigot; GeoEye thinks there's only enough cash for one fat & happy photographer. I smell a ripe-for-disruption opportunity.
#DesperadoLife or slide off!
"When it's time it'll happen, until then do you"
Ok now playing MW3 on Wii
We can make our own plans, but the Lord gives the right answer. Proverbs 16:1,
I really just wanna go to cali so I can play with the clear boards
I''l tweet ya latr bbe i need a nap bye :)
thought you may like that - esp after your tweets last night ;)
Seriously, right? Television will never be as good as it was in that moment.
Whatsup haha it's seems like its been forever
what it do baby girl!
If I'm getting ...better believe my team getting it
Watching Killer Clowns with my nephew on netflixs
love u Ralph!
working on some big projects for our spring/summer line... including our first lookbook and another website overhaul! evolution of a brand.
that is horrible! The douche who did that is a testament to the ill in this league!
That's hard! Chandler or Rachel...You?
What's in the UK water that makes their actors so witty?
Yes, just writing the article was ironic. Self-referential irony is the best!
yeah I was shocked it is gonna be great finale
:\ highkey, you're the shit. lowkey, she needs you more than you need her.
young lady always take your makeup off or you'll end up looking like an old lady.
follow us?:D And HAPPY BIRTHDAY JON!xD
Got you added to the last newsletter - thanks for the RT
completely agree.must have a starting point.
presentation-server.de » Blog Archive » Deploying Citrix MetaFrame ...
As usual..my band get's fucked over..I guess people don't think we care, but guess what..
It's awesome that the word nutsack is trending worldwide on Twitter!
Please help someone in need, it could be a smile, advice, or food:)
All nighter to prove people wrong
I went to bed thinking he was gone I hope it didn't ruin the recruiting class
Someone call the ambulance
Happy #travel & #tourism week!
nice try gillyflowers (thanks for that one iPhone autocorrect!) SF totally wins.
This bus driver seems to know all the tricks for avoiding traffic. My aunt would be so proud.
: Books I'm reading...The Women who Raised Me and Rules of Civility.
Can't wait to watch BB 11 Finale tonight. I hope Jordan wins!
u r fine as hell tweek and follow unsigned rapper help sing hook on my next track...let's meet in LA on
Had a dream where my google scholar citations total was down to 7 or so.
Happy weekend everyone!
cuz you mentioned it!
Hah, fair enough.
That's newseum.
Where is summer legit I want school to end already
#tnla12 Get out of the library and build relationships in your community
The older you get the more real life and understanding your purpose becomes.
"I dont need this right now. My man has two jobs"
im going to bed so im done. :-) lol lol lol lol you liked my big toe one lol
RT : I used to hate eating my greens as a kid. For some reason they tasted worse than the other crayons.
Hahaha. I can see the tweet. We also got some BOMB posters! (YOU JUST FAVORITED MY TWEET. LOOK AT YOU USING TWITTER AND STUFF.)
Thanks for asking! ;-)
Midweek break - Whale Movie. Chronicle. Bowling. Rain. Alas, midterms are here and my behind needs to cram - ready or not here it comes.
RT : Jasper had another incident. He's better now. #Pet Essence #seizure formula from was really helpful.
Thanks for info -- heard more upscale cuisine and breakfast so far. Sounds promising.
one of my favorite quotes of all time.
Peace out, river trout.
Had to lay down earlier; because I couldn't stand to see him leave;
is it any worse or better than tofurky? I'm not sure. It just makes me think of Atwood's chick nubbins.
"besides sex I like typography also"
Thanks Elaine!
Cook county hospital will be the death of me, omg...
follow me! but noo boys like girls love drunk is a good one :']
And yet you still can't answer any of them. Now go and call childish and delusional
Liking Netflix's new format. Easy to find all the seasons of a show! Easy to find new episodes!
#confession I drink. Some.
"newspapers are under-utilized in genealogical research" - Tim Pinnick. I couldn't agree more!
Thanks for your support of "Food Fore Fans under $5" and I hope everyone enjoys the recipes!
well I dont like her!
Cami knew the answer to something on Jeopardy tonight: "Hey, I know the answer to that! I actually paid attention in Social Studies."
B cruisin to french montanna. Like the old days
Thanks for the love! All you girls know how much I love football! Big Ben is hot!
Bread & Butter… and Sprite
Come rage the Mad Frog in Cincy with us this Friday for 's birthday!
I am by no means an Avengers comics fan, but that movie ROCKED. Insanely great movie. Can't say enough good stuff about it
Good morning, hope all of my lovely followers have a great day!
RT : Retweet if you want to see the production shots from "Spring Series!"
There is nothing open but legs and liquor stores so what should you expect? rns!!!
ha! Totally.
Listening to Rocketeer on pandora and automatically thinking that Shed A Tear is 10x better
Hoping Today Go By Quick at my job!!
I am gonna fist pump till my arm falls off!
create a black guy date some white bitches slay some dragons
This Nigga on travel channel be eating animal penises&testicles like it's nothing!! Can somebody please tell him this aint FEAR FACTOR???
im not lil wayne but itz no ceilings,cause im swaggin through the roof...
found u jelly
Sounds like Sheriff Dept is thinking WTF is going on with MPD
Apple makes record profit - Dayton Daily News
Where can one find that track, Wes?
LL Cool J turning the Grammy's into Church.. Lol
An economist's guess is liable to be as good as anybody else's. Will Rogers
We are doing it again this year!!! Booking ticket soon. Save me a spot on the boat
Omg a girl fainted & fell off the stage on american idol !
rumor is she's performing in Clearwater next week...the hubster works in hospitality industry...I am innocent!!
This is what a Christmas tree looks like! Wis. Gov. Scott Walker does away with calling Capitol conifer a Holiday tree.
Who went to the signing yesterday? I should have logged on here before.. wanted to meet a lot of you. I a lot of fans at the concert tho. x
In this game, by trying to win; you automatically lose. -Ruth Ross
Feelin too good!
7 out of US trending topics are related to politics. Yay for us.
A true woman doesn't compete and cant be compared!
Am I looking for a man on a mission trip? Yes I am! Military discount here I come!!
I've never seen a quarter go by so fast! saints
With For her last day in San Diego we're going to Coronado, again.
Everyone should follow because he's one of the wittiest guys I know!
TSA allows man to fly after finding gun parts in his child's toy, but take man off a plane after throwing up on my recent flight. Huh?
Participating in some enlightening discussions at www.addforums.com
Listening to Casey veggies lyrics just makes me think how real life is
Hey, look! Just 10 more Followers to our first 1000!!! Can you help us reach this milestone? Follow them
Bucks have a better chance to beat out the Sixers anyway
Cool! Will check it out!
Het Brantley, how the heck is Bruce supposed to hit with runners on when Phillips is batting in front of him?
A snowstorm will hit the NE today while Denver makes it up to 83 degrees?!? No complaints.
Gah I'm so hungry!!! Time for some "Snackage" as the beautiful would say!
: "Somebody I Used to Know" is about to be "A Song I Used to Like." #overplayed every station playing it even has a
do they like cat food? maybe the'll leave yr garden alone!
Hard work pays off.
Nice pick , he'll be playing for the Nuggets in no time!
JZK : ) - Where'd they go? It says the user does not exist.
yes exactly<3
send it to me I couldn't download the 5 free beats my damn EVO phone is trippin smh i wanna hear them
WHY IS IT SO HOT IN TEXAS RIGHT NOW
RT : about to give away more $scholarships to aspiring young journalists. feels good.
Why is this taking so long?
My townhub_com account has been hacked. The culprit is posting and sending spam. I have changed password as Twitter instructed.
That's too cool. I like the idea of it just being slipped in the middle of a transcription, "While I have your attention...."
Listening to The Hive podcast from & Share the #podcast love!
they are top five...Michigan is gonna be sick with burke, hardaway, and their recruits coming in
Amen sister! Talk very soon as we enjoy each others journey He has put before us!
Is thankful that I have my favorite episodes of #BattlestarGalactica on my phone for quiet workdays Watching SCAR right now Gods I miss
RT So much fun last night. "I'm bringing with me a black eye.". I WAS DYING.
"I like your face. Get away from me" ...circa just now.
LOVING IT! Had to put it down so i could get some sleep to keep up w LM RT : thank you! LOVE that book. Oh, God...
I hope you had a great day!
Under Armor should be ashamed for what they are doing to #Maryland football
I'm tryna get on yo level
#WeWontWork if you only listen to one genre of music... Especially if that genre is Country.
Thats it im finna cuss somebody out. Its May dumbass. Y u lightin fireworks.
thanks girl <3
Feeling a little stuck. I need a new outlook on things and possibly some motivation.
Talk to ppl in a way that is culturally relevant to them
that tweet was made for us! lmao
thanks are you not coming out?
Rajon Rondo waited outside the bus after Game 2, shook every teammate's hand and said, "Thank you," according to Doc Rivers on
I swear ill be in Dickson soon! I've just been really busy lately <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Yeaah Because Licking Balls Is What I Do Right ? >________<
A2: I've always had a weird obsession with Pilgrims (maybe b/c I'm born/raise in Plymouth), but I'd go back to that period.
no problem, just order an app, side or drink for each :)
WH chief of staff Daley says earlier presidential primaries causes polarization & makes it harder to get things done in DC
Wordpress makes remarkable community sites. Integrate it with multi plugins,private messaging live streaming chat. Quite cool end results
I don't think the Gardner heist will ever be solved. Then again, I also didn't think Whitey would ever be found.
haha was that you at the end of my neighborhood? I knew it was haha
"my boyfriend from my childhood dreams - Donnie Wahlberg" ... You and every other 30 yr old female in America... Hahahaha
Thanks:D What's going on??
Everyone PLZ FOLLOW Kentucky's SON! Medal of Honor AND True Hero! REAL Inspiration to EVERY1!! Thank HIM for His Cont Service
What does it say about our industry that the "I Can Has Cheezburger" guy is a keynote speaker at #ONA11?
Yes, yes that's what you want. Walk Mark Ellis to face Matt Kemp with the bases loaded and no outs .. in Coors Field. That was worst-case.
Are you guys going veggie??
Listening to #IDareYou by and it is so awesome!
& thank you for checking in with us on Foursquare over the weekend!
follow cali D productions
I need some new lululemon stuff stat
man idk! You weren't in your usual spots!
Good to know; I'll have to check it out from school on Monday. Have a great weekend!
The dumba55 JoePa impersonation has got to go!
omg!! WHY did I JUST get your replies!?! Ugh!! :(
I know, I was inconspicuous in SE Asia-other than being 6'2" and white!
people have been watching too much fast and furious
: only thing better than mancity winning is knowing im in the presence of greatness that is ...
ipod's on the brink of death. Oh dear.
And the Cubbies, they... err... nm : "At least the Bears traded for Brandon Marshall right?" - Half-glass full Bulls fans.
Playing the throw backs ! R.I.P MCA
Wow 1201. The one day I can go to the pool and you lock the gates
If at first you don't succeed, fuck it. What's on TV?
RT : Daily reminder: Make at least one person happy today.
Happy Cinco de Mayo
I meant gronk. Damn smart phones auto correcting!
Alright Buccos, let's turn the corner this season, we've been on this track to long.
Point of reference: steaming broccoli and coming up with a good podcast tagline takes about the same amount of time.
Payday Latte! My favorite splurge in the city.
Bout to get off had a real easy day at work bout to go home and get ready for tonite I'm excited St. Andrews bout to be rocking fasho
Relaxing a little tonight sittng on the porch enjoyin the cool misting rain
Happy Monday! Enjoy $1.50 Beef and Chicken Tacos after 4pm today as well as $1.50 Tecate ALl DAY!!
Super pumped for Michael and Amanda's wedding today!
Do you need a babysitter? Call Casey Anthony
What was the first #W2P #SaaS (Software as a Service) solution? PagePath came out in 1998 with vDocs, relabeled as MyOrderDesk in 2000.
Love #Thursday morning coffee dates with
#FashionStar is a big fat fashion snooze
When time and things feel like they're moving in a forward motion, it's always a good feeling!
Welcome us to the Twitter Community!
can you lease tell them 2 follow me please?
probably because all the smoke in her eyes! #ewey!
Damn its 4:30 in the a . m.
Riesling! German vs Alsace vs Austria! Ok. I need an idea for Saturday's wine class at Fuel Ready? Go
RT“ Happy 20th Birthday to my brother Jeremy Dominic Swift!! I wish you were here with us <U+2665>. Still screaming #RipSwift!!!”
Finally, a day to myself! Gonna get ready so I can catch the bus. To The Bronx! :)
I actually wasn't really looking for him...
Good for you... I am trying to get my routine going, yet again.. not that I take many weeks off of exercise outright.
all my friends say I am a total #heel tonight
we should do the east Howe stairs some day! You still go to la fitness?
Is it safe to say I'm worried bout my brother >.< guess not bleh
Free promotion ? need more followers? try the site on my profile. By the way. do you follow4follow? lets'!
Back from a great weekend and ready for a busy week!!
can someone please explain to me why the #Manimal is not in this #Dunk Contest?
I love Adele voice!!!
Whats wrong. Are you ok. I dont hate you. You are loved.<U+E057>
Hi just woke up again
time for single payer.
My money is on, the last time Costner spoke to Whitney was at The Bodyguard premiere.
good morning i mean afternoon! i got 2 get time down! :D
we will discuss it...
Watch for my new posting tonight "Silver lining amongst the Clouds" Amidst my swirl of bad luck there are some rainbows! www.lifeclectic.com
Thanks! #Smithsonianthirst was just dubbed "nerd Nirvana"! This is going to be fun!
Guess so. Whatever you do over your career, try not to succumb to that kind of silliness. I enjoy your writing, stick to that. (:
Been there done that
Check your DM bro
Planning to read more of HAVEN by poolside today... waiting is the hardest part...
Recently it has been weird. RT : Central Texas has weird weather.
The public history of modern art is the story of conventional people not knowing what they are dealing with. - Golda Meir
i'm in desperate need of a life
it felt good on my lips.
ahaha....i was too busy laughing to pay attention...
Don't say a word, just come over and lie here with Me.
Just got twitter a week ago and already cant think of anythiing to tweet :(
"It made me hopeful in the best way."
The prototypes of your new flip flops are sweet!!
Hi mate! watch on my website littleliars(dot)org,all the Pretty Little Liars episodes online,100% free
God is so good STOP RUNING FROM YOUR CALLING!!!!
When in doubt, tweet about it. How do you go into full screen (or presentation) mode on Google Chrome when using a PC?
I have three of his novels so I got you
you serious ??? Awwwe man
well it looks like justin got un-blocked from the TT's
I think I'd be a lot more interested in Pinterest if it had something to do with Harold Pinter.
- why are you in Denver?
if you close your eyes sounds like Tom Hanks. Important info...
You are a classy guy Eddie, I wish you greatness 14 weeks a year.
Some kids live to hold a gun, to shoot somebody. That's the only way they know, all they think about.
Tonight is so fucking awesome.
Any magicians from the Magic Live! convention heading to Wonderground tonight that may want to share a cab?
Bday of Champions!?! RT FYI we're about 5 months and some change away from one of the most epic days of the year!!!!
Ahh, do it! Used to hate it (so Tumblr-ish) but I've come to like it. Would you get it prof done? I'm going the DIY route <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
Well would you look at that.
So someone got hurt in the soccer game today and the clock got stopped at 4:20
Come see our new studio January 13th and 14th. Times to be announced!
I'm hungry...
OMJ follow you that's awesome *.* that's lucky :)
Women paying the price for Osborne's austerity package: Impact on women is more than £11bn out of £15bn savings ..
:O that means you sexy then according to my tweet. ;)
I was in a barber shop uptown the other day and half the whole place was die-hard, childhood Lakers fans. Win or lose.
What a tremendous accomplishment to have written a book! Congratulations!
I'm guilty to that one... You'd kill me if you were in the dark room with me Just ask
Excited for new episode of American horror stories....
if it wasn't for your Great Grandma, you might not have
really if you want to fight im almost 17 you can fight me not a 14 year old when ur 17 and a fat b**** .
haters make me famous
Where da hot muzik at out here????
Tune in to #Colbert, taking on Wisconsin politics
prayers go to heaven when you close your eyes
": you're terrible at twitter." Jesse eisenberg look-a-likes don't scare me
the takeover is beginning....
Watching last nites epi of The Voice. I love this show because of the family aspect. Love when some contestants bring mom and dad w/them!
In Ireland! That would be amazing.
Hell Yeah ! U already know.but aye i work at wendys now
At a realtor seminar learning about the importance of reaching out to young buyers but no hashtag. Hm
everytime i get the chance to go to sleep early i stay up all night doing absolutely nothing and eventually regret it in the morning
Ive given up on Weeks man. I cant watch him anymore without thinking strikeout first.
Amid the out pour of lit professors reacting to their student evaluations I mistook your tweet for the words of a former student.
people think life is long until it ends
. I guess we are not building the pyramids. #software is incremental
Always be a first-rate version of yourself, instead of a second-rate version of somebody else ~ Judy Garland
Haha, that's awesome. That's tomorrow's avatar. Thanks Carter.
Hello! I'm just here Tell you I got a career as a singer! I am personally mad I cannot be Verrified :( I would need to make a new account :(
thanks for the flower! (; hahaha
I only retweeted that last tweet to show working out builds butts lmao
follow (if you don't already ) he once played onstage with Prince
Hi Shari, I think your account was hacked. Check your outgoing DMs!
I'm just messing with u, Garick:)
I know! And I usually just feel like a dork because I missed out on whatever a story was based on. But not this time!
To the entire panel: since the incident you spoke of, have you experienced or witnessed violence first hand? If so, what was it?
You Irritating But You Lucky I Love You ... &&' I'm Not Stubborn ...
Doing some research for the upcoming "Yelp Redemtion" blog. Anyone seen a good one lately? Let me know.
really, where do you live?
Finding out that ur best friend has a twitter when u haven't seen her in a year :')
To amok w/ Molly. Comics!
so what in the fuck do I look like buying someone else's for?
Are the #Cardinals using the Victoria secret "pink" line for their 2012 jerseys? Nice Gold colors, cry baby girly boys.
If I'm not too cool to meet your mom you're not too cool to follow me. See ya soon.
Sifting through the resumes of the potential development director for . Ah, the life of a non-profiteer in the great recession!
Saying this with literally no trace of irony: Congrats! RT : I just deleted my account, felt great.
that awkward moment when i forget every joke I know...
dies your brother still have a girlfriend?!:)
But on a good note i think i sweated off 20pounds from dancing! Lmfao
Did you know white wine gets darker as it ages while red wine gets lighter. . .
Losing 28 lbs. and keeping it off for a year is good. Building a business while doing so, great. :)
RT : song with B.O.B. now playing. Tweet back and tell us what you think of it? -Woody &amp; JIm
"Big feet mean big socks" yeah austin im sure thats what you meant ;)
All go check out his music... TALENTED!
Nathan from the wanted is really cute :}
Today feels like a Friday:o
Gosh I wanna see the vow. #givesmegoosebumps #channingtatum <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Wait, What??? RT 3 hours til & it will be just like old times #isthereashowtonite?
'Ha, who took a good punch in the face from Ned, was screaming, “I’ll sue! I’ll sue!”
Thank you
Question of the Day: When you listen to certain songs, do u begin to feel ratchet..does it make u do ratchet things? If so, what song(s)?
Sweet dreams to you! No fun when the phone's die :(
let help someone today
Thanks we need it!
Thanks for the mention and for sharing the good news re: CalTrain electrification!
I cant take my eyes off of you :D # LOVE
listening to packer collegiate school on toulouse st wharf. swingin and groovin between natchez cruises
of course they're a TON... AFTER I move!!! LOL
check it out this week Thursday to Sunday. Milwaukee's own SXSW Wisconsin kicks butt thats why. check out www.theypmc.com
Days like this just make me happy
The price of success is much lower than the price of failure. - Zig Ziglar
can't say the #Lakers didn't have good looking shots to tie it. So one is laying down.
:D Thank you for sharing!
I'm Feeling Sexi and Free<U+2665>
I've been recruited to my own film to do a few of the FX shots.
Having lunch with my mom!
I don't lust for sugar, sloth... ;)
Broaden your horizon.
My parents have caved. They're meeting me in Myrtle Beach after my bike tour for a little R&R at the end of July!
Waching the movie red.
Just was sitting here thinkin bout that song "Big girls dont cry" and started busting out laughing cuz big girls DONT cry, THEY EAT!...LMFAO
Calling all corn hole players! Enter our tournament and win awesome prizes! TOMORROW- 6 Degrees happy hour (5:30) at Field House Canton!
Rally in Solidarity with Wisconsin Fox News Building Tuesday, 22 Feb 2011, 5:00 PM Join us to support the workers of Wisconsin
“Headcheese is proof God wants us to be happy” –I saw this somewhere and LOVED it.
just told mom that you said Happy Mothers day! You should see the smile on her face.
While Americans and others rejoice the death of bin Laden, no reports yet around the world of mourning Osama. G'd night.
u really should bro
woah. that's awesome!
TONIGHT! Habitat of the Chesapeake hosts "Out on the Town with Habitat! 9 bars in Canton Square, just $20 to get all the specials! 7-11pm!
Boyfriend best song !! ;)
I'll talk to my and try to come
“: Shewww. Being a mom is hard.” [indeed it is thank goodness you have ] lol
#MAMSummit attending Mid-Atlantic Marketing Summit in D.C. Very informative & current!
but it's so good. And I found all the books on DVD. I'm happy
It surpasses expectations. Has me craving literary fiction, limes, as well as a trip to Disney.
For the good of metal!
Ten years of double digit wins and after one bad year the fan base goes wacky. That's why I'm a Bears fan!
Grateful and inspired!!!
#JustRememberThat this heart you broke and played with will no longer be this same! it wil become strong and happy!
I miss watching play basketball.
Yes I'm more excited for summer time then being done with the easy part of college glad I got to see you saturday been to long
soup can <333
amen & hallelujah RT : #HappyRecordStoreDay. Many of life's little problems have
She said he sound like Dave
« I've met quite a few ppl in my job who demand that they should b doing this but when offered the opportunity, crash & burn
Not a sponge bob fan :(
I ain't competing with u. Just letting u know where u stand ;) . Then again, I gone from 130 to 126
Hi my #1gunner happy Valentine's day Sweetie
Glad u enjoyed! : ) RT : Great meeting Michelle of ! Got to thank her for the GF product I got from
Hey members! Ho many of you have joined #FITT2012 the newest club fitness challenge?
for A2: plan, plan, plan! Have good training sessions, get ppl excited (super service), think ahead. B flexible!
Thanks, Dan!
RT: "Among all medicines, there are none with the #healing powers of #love." Masaru Emoto
I am not a figment.
Lol ya. It's been awhile!!!!
Only way I'd be let down on being excused from jury duty is if I missed out on an awesome case which around here is highly unlikely
Hope you are taking full advantage!
No Twitter. I DON'T WANT TO USE THE NEW VERSION. QUIT EFFING ASKING. My god, it's like you're a 6 yr old asking the SAME question over&over.
that's I ok. I live under the rock next door to the cave.
#douchebagalert Row of dumbasses down third base line on their cell phones waving to ppl watching at home.
If you like music you will love talking to me .
Winner! The Real Spango is our winner for tonights trivia. Great Job! Send a message here with your info & Design Choice
Using hootsuite for fb makes me nervous, on newsfeed can click 'block all from hootsuite' and remove many companies at once
Here's another spy word. Unscramble it and reply or DM your answer. If you're right, I'll DM you the password to #CovertTU! Word: YEDOC
Oh hey i want to do something tonight, who's down?
Finally done with my first yr of college.
what's "The 0ffice" about?
you all are so inspiring!!! You would make my day if you followed thanks :)
we gotta record our song soon Ben!
And now I must saw, Good Night America... and anyone else might possibly follow me not in America
what did my pussy say to your cock?
I felt so loved today. (:
i think u and bruce should write a book together based on parenting or combining familys
LET'S GO LAKERS OT!!
we'll be near the finish line!
Fun presenting to the group at the annual meeting
Had lunch in Detroit with Mrs. Brill and Ms. Andrews.
about them for long but I have longer then them.
At the Rampage Game with my honey
": People on instagram need to stfu and stop acting like its fuckin facebook." Lol i agree
So happy that one of my favorite Albums of ALL Time is finally being re-issued on Vinyl!!
Goodnight!!<33 & Happy Mothers Day!!!
Sure! What colours and stuff?
I think black ballerinas are so beautiful
Thanks for the support and encouragement of my babies and !
“: #aspie#autism-FAQS MUST I SIGN AN IEP I DON'T AGREE WITH? no, in certain towns you can set in on fire”
Full weekend of diving. Deco procedures this weekend. Stoked for #scuba w/
LADY HOMI BDAY BASH FRIDAY NIGHT @ CLUB ELEGANCE HOSTED BY DJ ROK & MIKE DEAN KITCHEN OPEN 21 + EVENT YOUR SAFETY IS OUR #1 PRIORITY
Kyoot! I have a friend whose husband is making something like this -- with a movable run. She's going to paint it Victorian-ly.
I wish my mom did then I wouldn't be causing this world so much pain >;-)
they probably think I am too "negative". Fuck them
please keep us posted on the appt
This is a good speech! I think he might make John Boehner cry!
Happy Mama Day! I love being a mom! <U+E022>
He read that at Vermin SD--great story RT Don't miss on reading tale of duck on rock love this Sunday
such a great photo of you!!
would you like to help to make symbalooedu.com work in phillepines to improve education on world level. Please reply
I'll be doin more diaper changin than twittering, but I'm not ghost anytime soon. Thanks for the "congrats" bro bro!
Thanks! ditto You're the best! : Great gifts-BAKER'S DAUGHTER, SWEET TEA , AMANDA
www.pressbooks.com alpha site available Hugh McGuire
Haha ppl who delete me from facebook i cant help but laugh at. How childish are you?
where you workin girl?
You gots to be real. All the drama showed me that.
make my life. Might unfollow every1else unless they fill my TL with balls and office ladies. Freak show>everything else.
I agree--this class looks great. Looks like teaches it.
The notebook
I need somthing to do tonight!
Its Nice Outside;)
yea real exciting day on the job
great place to live and party
Its so funny when you can tell that things are going well for someone because you never hear from them.
Tired of keeping a secret. did a #photo shoot w him last weekend for the #earthseries & um
excited to celebrate the 25th anniv. of the House on Mango Street today! Also anxious to see if new 1st Fri. traffic restric make sense...
Omg I cant stop coughing :(
keep a close watch on HESG there has to be a reason this thing is trading out of no where
The person we think it is sounds British. So I can only hope :(
Free baseball.
If I'm louder would you see me? ......cause I can love you more than this.
Ash Wednesday everybody, so that means shrimp baskets or grouper sandwiches for lunch. Time to pay for all that fun on Fat Tuesday.
my Mom says she gets on Twatter once a week to read your tweets, specifically.
Those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything. George Bernard Shaw
thank you. i needed that.
#yousayyougotswag but does your polo shirt have 5 legs?
you know it! Jking though. C and F always have fun. Even when it doesn't seem possible.
please dont get annoyed with me, I must get more views on my youtube videos. www.youtube.com/kaebelltunes Thank you!! retweet!
Well that don't sound like it hurts at all... O_o
you're so hip with your new twitter gfriend <U+2665>
I'd send you one, but we don't have any, save for the random ones fans make themselves.
just offered a hug in her session!! Now THAT'S quality! That just may deserve a BOOM!!
Yep. Got call while visiting local principal. Left meet & went straight to tat parlor on 6th. RT Does tat mean freedom papers?
Arnold classic indoor track championship today!
Ok Where are you guys now. We are trying to reach BLISS, Urgent!
rring my house phone then?
Have you uh, played Skyrim yet? lolol
What if I threw a frog at a hawk...I would f*ck'n pay money to see me do that!!!
joe bean? Did someone say joe bean?
the daily routine u know
I just hope all this attention doesn't stoke the curiosity of the fire and building inspectors! gulp
Heroism consists of hanging on one minute longer
McDonalds will always have the best fries! Damn that sounds so good right now!
Will do. Waiting for my cousin to finish it.
Thank you all<3 I cant believe that I have so many followers ;) my next goal is 2000 till my BDay (06/30) ;**
<U+2764>s my wife
Excited for the stretch run.. we should have some new characters in Omaha this year!
The wingman got upset b/c I said "look, your frd likes my frd, its all good, feel free to talk to other girls"- wasn't I doing him a favor?
im tryin to get a working arcade cabinet of Silent scope in my room
I will. Send u a pic
Took the words right out of my mouth
My college resolution is to get amazing grades this year. I will do that by going to tutoring everyday!
thank you for the shout out, though! Just keep the other on the down low! Lol.
FYI:Payments received by a person persecuted by the regime in control of the Ottoman Turkish Empire during 1915 to1923 is not taxable in Ca
if we shared a garden, I'd put my tulips and your tulips together. <EM>(tulips = two lips)</EM>
RT : BREAKING: Jane Castor is named by the mayor to become Tampa's next chief of police.
kissing and telling is not okay! So tacky! You definitely dodged a bullet.
It's a new day in denver whoa!
Maybe if I put pants on and actually went out and did something today I'd be less pissed off.
The would like to wish everyone a very Merry Christmas. To our current student we know your future is bright and to our future
I know it's raining but nothing can grow without the rain! Rain is growth! Let's grow Wisconsin!
Walked into the salon & "Boys in the hood" was bumping & see my co-worker dancing & styling her hair
:) tell me why I haven't stopped by Jordan to say hello! Hope you're having an awesome time over there
And no one hates you. :) Just tryin to help :)
If the fries are #outstanding then I will have solely as a meal. Sometimes you can get good fries at outdoor fairs
no his FIRST name is Michael. Colton is his middle name.
Causing so much problems why you doing that? Ripping people's hearts out you too cute for that.
Just delete this account. Ppl are already saying how pathetic ur being.
Do it! First Sunday! Row S odd numbers!
I can't lie, a snapple drink and a bacon/egg/chz biscuit keeps repeating in my head from McDonald's lol
who are you, what in the fuck do you want. You had better read a person's profile before saying shit, ms Tallahassee
If u see her eating fried chicken wrapped in foil in the grocery store ..
When I paint my nails, I get nail polish EVERYWHERE but my nails..
Fair point.
If I eat anymore of this dinner my stomach will explode.
Spinning - Brighter Day...wish he came out with a new album with just this style of House!
I need a tub of ice cream to drown my sorrows.
To get it done at work, get on the SNEAKER network! whats that? get up and talk to someone.
RT : Just spoke with Santo campaign manager Mike Biundo, who says they may in fact hold on to win Ohio.
#1414 mikeyy or louis (: form both
As a teacher, the 1 thing you *must* teach your students: "No one expects the head butt."
actually, the classification literature totally avoids talking about shelving
follow back mama
Thanks so much for the shout-out! Can't wait to read Possess!
I now work out at la fitness! :))
Hope you are having a blast - enjoy #BwB4 =-)
You have until midnight tonight to take advantage of the Monumental Monday $5 discount code tweet monumentalmarathon.com
I like the location!
Don't forget! Today's the last day to get 25% OFF ENTIRE ORDER by using promocode BROWNS25 at check out! www.GreatLakesClothingCompany.com
We have all been placed on this earth to discover our own path, and we will never be happy if we live someone else's idea of life.
Send me a pvt email () and let's discuss your brickwall offline. K?
i had a random ass dream last night that i met at MY concert?
lmfao, who's ya cousin xD??
i retweetedd it!! (: FOLLOW? <3 i love it so much. i watch it everyday hehhe :D
Happy National High Five Day & a BIG #ThankYouThursday to you!
I cried the whole movie :3
Make sure you pick up a gift card for all of your friends!
don't be sad! Be happy :)
what do you mean ft & nd? I can't break it down!
Help our new intern ( ) reach his 100th follower!
I have to read over 300 pages by tomorrow. I was supposed to read in the summer but never did. Oh well
Ive lost over 50 followers since the last time I've been on here..): shout out please?!
I believe he was innocent.. without ESPN u wouldn't have even known about it. If it was pujols would u believe him?
In each of UK's last 6 champ years, the Yankees went on to win the World Series later that year.
Goodnight ladies and gents.
#HappyMothersDay Im late as hell.....
Thank you! ;)
Danny McBride & Nick Swardson watch the DVD of Part 3 with the 3-D glasses on. About 10-15 seconds of them riffing on it.
Maconlysource » Blog Archive » Chat directly with Kwalee game ...
ah! I see
I can relate.
take me with and drop me off in DC
We have order 1000s of pins from them, with maybe six rejects total. Amazing quality standards.
Writting this down. There's a Sopranos script in here somewhere.
LOL is that a bite mark!?!?
Whats crazy? You stole my ring and tried giving it back to her.
ABOUT TO WORK ON SUM LINES FOR NEXT WEEKS AUDITON!!!
In love with Alex Clare!! Love his music!
#leapofreason author Mario Morino just finished speech at City Club in Cleveland, huge ovation - powerful challenge to rethink philanthropy
Bout to get me a new phone yea!!!!!!!
Hahahhahahahah thats funny(: but did u see the biebs in concert when he was there
It has been a while , this is one of the busiest months , so many thing to do so little time , I wish they were more hours in a day .
RT : Today we wish a very happy 50th birthday to the one and only Garth Brooks!
your so hot :o
Thinking about riding downtown in a few
Working to assist Clamshell customers to meet today's Safety Standards #diecut,
Wish I cared... Wait, no I don't.
thank u love!!! Come!!!! We are going to GEM new place in financial district!!
I jus want cut my legs n throw them olver my shoulders lol
Looking forward to seeing all of you at Eugenio's on Saturday evening!
I am finding "blurple" really satisfying to say out loud. I'm going to have to start using it.
This dude helping me paint this story we having coming to yall in June. Journey To
I noticed a couple unfollowed me after I changed my profile pic. Come on! It's still loveable and adorable me! :) :)
it should be published sometime in the next two weeks. We'll be sure to send to you!
we everywhere! Just hit me
of course the morning i wake up late, everything goes wrong in the first hour! yipee! at least i dont need coffee to wake me up today!
Ride The Citi Boi Party Bus To COLORADO SOLO MUSIC ARTIST AWARDS MAY 16, Round-trip for info 720-341-8727
#I got sum FIRE on the way soon w/
Finally got the money to buy a car ... Friday Imma rollin!!
oh nice :) that's exactly what I thought of u for- thought "Brooke would totally be a certified lol" find me next time!!
oh i don't work for them, so i don't know. I havn't heard anything tho.
We're in labor. Headed to the hospital! May the Fourth be with us!
gorgeous avi babe
New #Shindig followers are awesome, YOU ROCK! Thank you!
yeah lol because it is here too so I was just wondering
So excited to be able to give out another scholarship this year! We'll announce this year's winner next week.
fast forward to February 3, then pause!!!
caleb is walking around with my phone saying, "hello, anna, yes, anna". lol.
lol are you talking about that underground concourse?
Wow! RT : HERB WELCH!
Break up the long flight down under with a free domestic flight on a Malaysian stop over with Austravel
Of course! I'm off at 5:30 too and was just going to go home until 7. Want to meet me at my place?
For some reason whenever I tweet saying follow some1 else, most of the ppl follow me lol ppl r so backwards
Had an AMAZING day at the sales conference and then got a NBC lululemon sweatshirt!!!!
just finished our penultimate day of shooting for seizure 2. tired, but it's going to be oh so cool.
wondering if mark twain would have annoyed me as much alive as he does dead.
what, no photos?
Woohoo - Woohooo - congrats! Yea, just pop in my office after. Maybe I'll rap another Biggie show tune if I'm in the mood.
#ITL_UMD in session with Ron Yaros on advanced strategies for blended learning. Blogs, twitter, Wimba, & more.
Thanks, Coert. xD I can't stop listening to Relient K's version of Doctor Worm. :P
We have a thinking heart,
What a great weekend.
AMAZING RACE: I see Rach's red hair.
I know. but still when I get mine I'll give her the guitar lol spend my money on it so I'll have to earn for mine again xD
MDA is really the reason for this injury. He was trying to win games on Lin's back and didn't care about his body at all.
not the damn thing..writing for my EP
No room for IGNORANCE
That awkward moment when you try to silently get food late at night while everyone is sleeping, but it seems like every move is so loud!
Toasted Coconut Porter now in bottles. Get em while you can at Total Wine and ABC's. Cheers!
flying critters spotted today: red-shouldered hawk, carolina wren, robin, bat, indigo bunting, goldfinches.
Should I go see that Charlotte Gainsbourg biopic or Date Night 3D this friday? Decisions...decisions...
#Nowplaying Roll One Up; ASAP Rocky :3
#FF and -- these girls blogs keep me motivated, laughing, and most importantly #running!
B, did you get my email about the 2012 Miss Pretty in PINC Pageant?
When it Ended the First Time reading tomorrow night! 9pm TADA Theater!
: Timeline for war is essential for responsible end in
A brilliant light in our world has dimmed RT/ Wangari Maathai: Death of a visionary bbc.in/opect2
I cant even comprehend how stupid you are..
Great day in the SE for Super bowl sunday!
TY! have a joyful weekend! :)
Jigging and square dancing workshop
Our site is taking a bit longer than first expected, but it's coming along really well now and we're excited to be able to launch it soon!
That 5 second dance party you have when someone texts you when your ringtone's We Owned The Night...#LadyAerProblems :))
#FF #TwitterRookie - PRO's very own Rich Nichols #sportslaw #crisis #sportsbiz - Help us get him to a respectable 100!
They say the early bird catch the worm......smh screw that worm i'm tired.....lol.....RiseNGrind
We lov you regardless!
I'm gunna marry the night
At night, #RobGronkowski dreams that he is
#Sixers win!!!!!!! They advance to the 2nd round for the first time since 2003!!!!
going to be a good one!
#taxreformidea >Change an "Offer in Compromise" w/ the IRS to > a Groupon Coupon
They're finally gonna prosecute that asshole.
Heck yeah you can get a follow! Glad you enjoy our doughy rounds of goodness.
did people show up? How was it? I feel rusty -- haven't trained since Nov
But there was a funny chat here ystrdy abt Thanksgiving turkey vs steak vs ham. All I'm sayin is, eat what you want.
Pics or it didn't happen.
funny “: RT : The next time someone says "you're not the customer, you're the product" we all need to drink. #pii2012”
“: omfg why am I such an awkward soul. erryday of my life is an embarrassment” so true...... ;)
? how much? Bekay
i was listening to right by my side
whoa... I'm straight like Indian hair then
"We can't solve problems by using the same kind of thinking we used when we created them." -Albert Einstein
Looky here they are comparing Kobe to who? M.J. You can talk shii now
lets do it
Oh wow! Thanks!
lol!! So how's the first day at the new job?
Great Healthy Eating article in about and our "La #Salud en Tu #Cocina" program.
great seeing you man. I miss you. Take care of yourself brother.
#ccrunconf lulman asks about utilizing existing resources and/or creating a new infrastructure for community media center; answer: do both
What's mine is yours and yours is mine so take me away
Phone just auto corrected my "ha!" into "hats!". Sent it anyway and will just claim it's brand new slang.
I wish that I could erase all the pain he's caused me the last few months...I guess the good girl never wins :-/
today felt like the longest day ever! -_-
Have a good time without me
Come out tonight and watch us at City Tavern (1402 Main Street Dallas, TX 75201)! We go on at 9:00!
RETURN OF THE HIT SQUAD/ROCK THE BELLS 2012
Nice, good luck!
wait.. Sc drama? TO REDDIT, MY BROTHERS, TO COMPLAIN ABOUT SHIT THAT DOESN'T MATTER!
Agra: Milk adulteration on the rise
try our organic sunless spray tan! a flawless,natural glow for spring!
ouch...hope you are going to run indoors when its 100+
Has anyone seen the boss? If not who is in charge?
A Happy 420 to all those involved!
As for movies, how about "Metropolis" and "Modern Times" for dystopian pics?
That first week is gonna be crazy bro, I got too much anticipation!
MT : Physical space has its own thing going. While SM should follow mission statement, it can be done in a Social way.
dear faculty: if you even slightly think that you could be violating copyright law, you probably are.
Another ex of laziness compared 2 other generations....our music can shuffle 4ever. B4, U had 2 get up & flip/switch it.
my eyes are getting heavy.
It just feels like the #Kings year. Really pulling for them.
So swamped. Greek Rush....weed out classes... ....sickness....time to recruit for our team!!!!!!!
Im Still trying to figure it out RT why are u up so early cousin?
Dodger game tomorrow? I think yes!
I WISH WOULD FOLLOW ME BUT I DOUT IT THIS WILL NEVER GET READ :'(
I'm happy that will hug for me when I'm sick :)
and you do not love you ''I LOVE YOU'' and kissed me and we got engaged ...
lol graduate swag
Gud night twitter peps
awesome advice Angela!
Absolutely not. Thanks, and thank you for your service!
I hate Walmart! -____-
Just when we thought we wouldnt have morning practice we were proved wrong yet again. I dont even remember the last was i got up before 7:15
so welcome
One of said dweebs is double fisting w' a gallon of diet coke and a bottle of "Hercule Stout." Other dweeb: raspberry arizona ice tea & H2O.
WWW.STATEAUTHENTICS.COM
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please ! :D :D :D 14
Any followers joining us for the opening night of #LetX by ? #iwannasayhellolater!
In europe.:)
are we still on for day 3 dinner? what are we making?
You too girlfriend!!!
I need some pops today!
Everybody please RT: This SATURDAY is the big food drive! Let's all help out !!!
Once you lock it, it's OK. It's easy to operate.
The only thing sweeter than the world not ending is our donuts.
Ya can't steal my joy. It didn't come from you, so you can't take it away ;) My, how God is strengthening me. I love EVERYBODY!
before he loved me, I was FSUs .. now the opposite: I love him, and he ... (
Just bought a 6 pack of Westvleteren 12. Will keep half and use half as trade bait. M!
this ones getting ugly, Red Wolves up 75-50, couldn't think of a better way to start the meat of the conference season 930whon.com tune in
I feel horrible!
Check out our special starting today on living social @ home section! $50 gets you $200 off a new mattress set of any size!
8/14 days left :D graduation/anniversary :)
U r the best thing that's ever been mine:)
At least with Cheney, we'd have been confident that we were being screwed with awareness.
"As God is my witness, ill never go hungry again!" -Scarlett O'hara #gonewiththewind on
Can u 4 a moment imagine what this world would be like if everyone treat people the way they would want to be treated
I'm jealous he got em early...but I only like og colorways.
Mission Hills Community Garage Sale is April 21. San Diego 92103.
Well, I should suck the knowledge out of his brain.
You can fall for pretty stangers and the promises they hold.
Fake friends come & go , Like the seasons !
#SoHighThat i Can touch the Sky...
you give really good hugs! :D
Might have to go on a rescue mission and get myself 2 new dogs lol
Love the Dixie Chicks. Another great concert.
I rather they did nothing if that's the case. They need a legit right handed bat & maybe another starter
Thank you all for the follow!
you see the game last night I'm guessing?
Dr. Maurice Watson of Macon, GA will explore Tuesday – Day of Teaching.
#showthinking Liberty Kids can't get film made Rae in New Hampshire Film Chandler LA Time Orick Sara Ginger
Thanks for the #CPSC reminder to replace detector batteries this weekend #safety tip #daylightsavings is March 11
never go double 5
Was just told my computer looks brand new and that I could probably sell it at $700...any takers?!?
2 seperate sets of 2 Skins/Steelers tickets available tonight, both in lower bowl. Section 135 or section 142. Let me know if interested.
yeah Catherine told me :)
I would love to go to sleep now and get a good nights sleep, but ghost hunters live only comes around once a year!
Forgot wallet yesterday. No problem. Bought lunch with their mobile app and paid for parking in DC with
How big a rush? Are talking blow-hard radio host or Canadian power trio?
I refuse to believe the MiM0SA I saw at E.Zoo 2011 is the same guy that released Sanctuary. His album is so much better than his live show
no my friend
My first coherent thoughts this Monday morning: Who made this mess? Well, I'M not picking it up!
what is with the paleo boys and eating Mexican before bumpy flights?
Discount tires! Great warranty and less than half of what you were quoted.
Somebody Please shoot mee!!
Boston is no match for the Blue Shirts. Richards was a great pick up! Go Rangers
Same to you!!
My dogs hate me right now :(
Aww. It'll be worth it in the end :-) Thanks for letting me know you enjoyed it...have SO much more to tell!
Frank Lloyd Wright's son invented Lincoln Logs.
Getting stuff ready for tonight
That was hit and run in 11th.. South Carolina is fearless!
Cinco de Mayo, Kentucky Derby & the sun in supposed to come out, can't think of a better reason to be at Tia's on a Saturday!
life is too short for skunky beer.
do you think is ready for our dancing?
This heat is making me nauseous <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A8>
Can't text you at all today, I left my phone on the bus, lololol
ilove ur eyes for real they are pretty!":)
Stewardship and Servant Leadership - may latest article at www.mikehensley.org
Always a nice surprise when a Zac Brown Band song pops up on your iTouch Shuffle playlist or Pandora Radio.
Look beyond rejection, see beyond limits, think around the bend in the road. Today is beautiful Xoxo
You sure will! i get in the 21st and staying until the 31st!
“: I Would Never Put Westbrook As A PG On my team!” Saying Anything , Ill Put Him On My Shit As A 1 But Not Starting
Oops upside ya head (the big headache the bigger the pill) (the bigger the doctor the bill) W.E.F.U.N.K. Say Oops upside ya head
okay. ill tell you what he says.
Fun Fact of the Day: Fleas can jump 50 times their own height, the equivalent of you jumping a 40 story building!
the last piece of bread in the bag <
Pretty big for Spielberg to hire the Texas Chainsaw guy. Might have been the last time he took a chance.
Did you see that? Yep, #hmd10. Use it for all of your Home Movie Day 2010-related tweetery.
Thanks, man. I hope Monday is good to you as well.
si I go in at 4
's new mixtape is out go support visit him on youtube & checkout his music he has a new joint titled wake up
Goodbye and good riddance.
's #TinyDesk concerts are really hitting the spot right now.
Yes sir - was a long project, but I've got to give props to for producing it! They're awesome!
#OWS can be discredited when corps get involved since it is a citizen uprising- Greenpeace is treading carefully to get involved
I don't play baseball but ill hit a homerun -pitbull
note to self...when you have a streaming head cold, dont paint your nails, coz when you sneeze...there is a difficult choice to be made.
god, if your a bitch on my page... -.-
Just tipped off in Greensboro, Tech on the board first with a Gani Lawal free throw.
Well, other than aging me a day, who cares about time?
Give us 3 years of Romney, & he'll put Bush's recession 2 shame. 1% will feast on th misfortunes of the mid class, & O will not rescue us.
sure :D
My journal is 84 pages.
awhhhh! Call me in a while.
thanks for the follow! would love to catch up sometime soon!
Wouldn't you be better off from taking calories from the end of your day instead of the beginning?
Ecofact via : Each year Americans throw away 25,000,000,000 styrofoam cups, enough every year to circle the earth 436 times.
wat it do tonight
thank you do much!
LOL we are deff winning. i will not accept defeat. and its a good thing you're with the nyc-ers because you've been a huge help
it has been about a year for me.
Reading now!
nu uh :3 but you are
My 11:11 wish is to meet you<3
Coming down in sheets on 125th & Greenfield.
This bitch got candy for days in h life
Thanks! I love to serve and I am glad my tips were helpful.
Thanks for including us!
Get in the van! It's not worth the story to see you choking on smoke!
#FF horse back riding! <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+008E>
Yes, Twircles. Although I think Twillist has a certain ring to it too. :-) I won't be there, but I look forward to seeing it
you have known thiss! stay home and get drunk with me
Yep, not a dream. I really did chase loud birds from a tree in my yard in the middle of the night.
need some weed for my needs
Ok I'm going to try this again, lol. Night guys :)
Can't wait to be eating dinner and playing games and sipping coffee and reading books and riding bikes and doing yardwork with my family.
Was there ever a doubt? ;) It's on my iphone.
Oh ! It truly is the best early 20th century British period drama series I've seen.
Strapped for startup jobs New partnership creates dazzling high-tech classroom Starbucks is now When your!
We will have to make up an occasion to excuse the calories and sugar.
I was glad to be outside, but the transition from indoors to out and back again def slows things down.
If you can’t control what you think, you will not be able to control what you do.
Massage is just one of many tools that fall into the alternative medicine category. It may even help relieve symptoms of depression.
Has Bobby Flay ever won one of his showdowns? If it was the real world he'd be so fired.
What happened?! What'd the new ICONiacz do?!
#ThoughtsWhileRunning shoot me...
I wanna see! :)
Thanks Malc! Glad you like it!
at Kalamazoo boys 16s and 18s tennis nationals, jr tennis has changed since I was playing.
The market opens at 10am today with Sing Leslie performing at noon
ha! I just saw it. Thx!
You are so sweet Vic, u are the perfect role model a girl could ask for. :{) hope we can meet someday! <U+2665> i LOVE you.
iso just got some dvd's hehehehe
No Rose, no Noah, but also no reason to lose tonight. #Bulls had the win in their hands. No excuse to lose tonight
internet is bugging but I'm still here
"The brown suit AND a yellow tie?!? C'mon, man!" ~glad I'm not the only one who thought that. Here, I was thinking I was shallow...
#Didyouknow Yunnan Pu-er Teas were found to have the ability to destroy cancer cells? - Yunnan Natural Medicine Research Institute
The Michael Jackson trial is complicated!!
BE ON THE LOOK OUT FOR AGP NEW MIXTAPE 2012 PARTY NOW DIE LATER DROPPIN @ THE END OF MARCH FAREAL NAH!!!
Vickie! Manage better people please!
lol he said he did
thanks for the follow! I will keep you in mind for future branding brainstorming and creation
Always remember your roots, while also embracing your current situation.
#astd10. Look for me at the celebration. I will be the one in pants.
Hope tonight's news takes us closer to world peace.
Probably about ticket sales
The WSLCB must know Fifthmas is upon us; lots strange infused vodkas and tequilas, bizarre-looking liqueurs, and special holiday mixer packs
why u wear those thick frames bro its not cool ya look like a tool
#FINALSWEEK #BLUES I got As on Midterms IDK how considering I was absent cuz I was @ #SXSW wish I could do that for
The Oscars is the only of the major award shows that comes even close to getting it right, and they nailed this one. Congrats, "The Artist."
Big move is in a week, have we started packing? Nope.
Definitely appreciate it! I need some guidance.
Does his (genetic) Nashville Pussy connection not get him any more credibility than that?
Why everyone i call is eating are just ate chipotle
Natalie it's minor at best. Reality TV gameshows don't have close to the same spoiler-free window as scripted.
Happy Thanksgiving everyone! What are you thankful for?!
Everyone's breaking down their booths and leaving the #sdp2p event. Hope everyone made grt and lasting connections. See u next year!
Walking around in cowboy boots in Pennsylvania. Haven't felt this conspicuous since I was in Chile... wearing 100% normal clothes
I'm telling you #LEVELHEADED the mix tape is looking real crazy features sounding real nice rite now
congrats to the ladies of for another amazing year!
Follow back bro.
like your blog! Yea for RAW!
Gossip Girl...OMFG storytelling
I accidentally kinda flipped him and he landed on a table lmfao but he told everyone he slipped on ice
Still think bout see junior seau mother!!
Free Towing with repair RT pls
RT : My focus is on always trying to treat the inevitable highs and lows of life with the same blissful, calm energy.
yay, the blackhawks won! now the entire city can stop pretending they know that hockey's a professional sport!
Please come out and support our Wellness Center May 4th in our efforts to reach as many children and families as possible
he will get over his women problems soon. I knew he was having women problems so I put him on my team to win
Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success. ~ Dale Carnegie
I'm in a good place. #Hope this finds you well.
haha fag boy:p
my phone died<U+E058>I'm omw though!
Menchie's Medlock Bridge Thursday’s check in to Facebook on your smart phone and show it to the cashier to receive 15% off your fro yo!
Amazon, you can recommend anything you want, doesn't mean... wait a minute that's a BLUE yoga mat!
what ninja, nope it means a stealthy assassin type of person. and Nigga has been in my vocab since 10. so it stays.
If forced 2 choose between peep in mirror & the day's popular opinion, choose the mirror.
Happy mothers day!!!<3
me and the other dude on the track haha my bad we always rap together
Wedding at the The Biltmore Hotel Georgian Ballroom
RT : When studying, read the rationales of the questions that you get right AND wrong. Refer to the text to clarify the...
seems like everythings falling apart it dont feel the same...
I left TN with a suitcase, and came back with a new song!!!
Success is going from failure to failure without a loss of enthusiam.-Winston Churchill
It's time to go back to Seattle. Gah I don't want to go back! I want to stay here and relax for once!
My boss just dropped off an article that is my parting gift from him as he leaves the company. It's about self confidence. for me????
nothing. Use the money you would spend & donate it to a charity that means something to both of you.
I still need to get Beach House tickets for Sunday. I guess I'm going?
It's Friday and Late Night Drags kick-off tonight. Let's hope the rain holds off until they're done!
Draw me a line, bent on itself, and I will tell you a story.
amendment struck down according to
OUT FOR A WHILE.....
weird people >
Industry peeps: If I were to sell an amazing documentary series that's already shot and edited and beautiful...where would I go?
What's up with the station? Been off air all weekend. You guys toast?
Boys are kinda like Sour Patch Kids. First they're sour. Then they're sweet.
love u too
Austin is moving near where I live.
#manxfootball Congratulations to IOM National team. Great match!
I feel your pain - I tried the P90x today, I can barely move - Congrats on the running!!
I don't like your shirt. You should just take it off..
At prom . its dead in hear
Today I get to go to a Seattle Sounders soccer game with Jason Sisneros!!!
Snuck out took my friends car and drove to madison... smh
one or two used a grant. One HS used Title funds.
I love how the first thing my best friend tells me when I get back to school after 4 weeks is "Youve been replaced"
For all that's good in America: Go Giants.
It's your birthday in Paris!! I think that counts double! Joyeaux Anniversaire!
late night bk on a wednesday again
Jay, the Grizzlies only lost one game. For some reason, it feels like 3.
Sweet! RT : b leaving in a few hours. Can't wait who hooooo
Watching my spanish Shows in mexico Hahaha I'm so glad I'm back cuz I'm tired of watching the same old novel as back at home (,=
Never knew I could be so mean,but that's just how far you pushed me...
SO pretty!
we will! I promise!
we'd love to see you!
Yessir! :) God can make all things good, and new!
When it comes to staying young, a mind-lift beats a face-lift any day.-- Marty Bucella
shut up but i am pumped you will be up this weekend
Game Time!!!!
Such a cool vibe at the Cheat River Festival today. A great crowd & and no rain during our set!
I'm sorry for all the lies all the hurting all the bullshit I've put you through just work with me and see my change and know I'll be by you
Huh. Are they not making enough ad revenue from the Droid platform?
pleaaseee ! i love you and i dont want you to grow pleasee always you be
Ugh. Why are there 751 differences between my bootstrap.css file from a while ago and the one I just downloaded from github?
“: RT What artist do u wanna hear a double-play of??--- ”
i know right i mean really we are so dedicated to him and he doesn't even notice it
yea Fit_Ed dump the egg : )
Seeing Hunger Games...
Well you two dot spend too much on me lol
#FF App of the Day devs for the week - thanks everyone, and have a great Christmas!
if I return item that I bought w/Kohl's charge in March and paid bill for already, do I get cash or store credit? website is unclear.
Updated facebook app. for iPhone. Don't like it at all.
Join me Baby J & Live! now till 4p at Cricket 2334 E Southcross & IH-37 to get great deals on the phones + Muve Music & KXTN Prizes
Recognized or not, we all hunger to exist, to feel safe, be affirmed, express, grow, love and be loved, belong, and matter.
bonus points for the most composerly joke of the morning... :D
Commercial use license ususally starts at $50.00 & up for 72dpi for web only. Each company's license agreement is different, no 2 are alike
he's not mad about it anymore. <U+2665>
Video editing allows you to embed from the Web. While this reduces file size, we don't control the file on the Web.
RACHEL WTF DONT EVEN THINK ABOUT THAT? ;O
First time I see my mom's job,not so bad it has Wifi!!!!!
why the sad face?
In addition to our regular menu, we will have a prix fixe menu available for $30. Winter root salad or French Onion Oxtail soup...
Incoming #BigWest member San Diego State down 33-29 to NC State at half in their NCAA 2nd-round game.
I have a butt? Woaah.
Could not be said any better than that! :)
funny I'm reading several quotes from Steven Jobs today..of course he's in the news alot now
I hate when I'm going away and I wanna pack but then I realize its still months away
The KW & I just did a 2 hour bike ride out to Smith and Bybee lakes.
a lot of people were surprised of Dooling's dunk last night, Kenyon has always been a great dunker, don't fool yourselves...
Why has my #TFIFriday feeling changed from excitement to exhaustion! Me thinks a work life balance assessment required!
said he wished he had a girlfriend that nigga was on that big time rush shit talkin bout #oohf singin'n'shit
Well, I love rusty spoons. :)
“: Judging from the eBay prices, it's time for Nike to re-retro the black and grey Fab 5 Air Force Max.”(Yes!!!!!!)
oh my goodness ! I am so not a morning person <U+E058> but i got a party later on tonighht <U+E328> so it's al god ! <U+E056>
The things I like about DNB: 1) 2 wins at 9f, 2) he's fast enough on TG + Beyer to be dangerous, 3) training well.
enjoying the ordered, re-centering calm of Monday.
Baseball snacks for the team seems appropriate today., don't you think?
Thank you!! Stop by today for Meat Lover's Wednesday and get 1lb of BBQ for $9.99! Have fun at Stagecoach!
Happy Belated BDAY! RT The man, the myth, the legend. Bryan Jessee turns 50 years old today. Happy birthday, Bryan!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY or FELIZ CUMLPEANOS(: have an amazing day/night(:
followed by club can't handle me right now.
RT you treat us like royalty! #SundayFundayBrunch :)
Saunders on Galchen: entrancing in part because one can't pick up on her agenda
can anyone make a tiny chat?
I mean it is the truth i would be happy if u did u have the best sayings ever i like gettin on twitter and seeing them:) <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
have practice from 7 to 9 by Reliant.
these allergies got to go.
I am in charge of writing the season finale for CRANE. I already know how it will end.
If you are not wearing your foundation garments, you are not negotiating from a position of strength. -Simon Doonan, talking prostitution
When you meet a person you should have sex with them and get to know them later. I thnk that's an easier way to get to know people.
Round and Round she go
The worst President ever and accept the fact that he hasn't actually been that bad.
went to a concert, and my dad did a stupid April fool joke on and my friends
999...Guess who I just ran into here in Washington DC?
Man I wanna be the he calls his wife
HERE'S MY NUMBER CALL ME MAYBE...
you cant die! We got shit to do this weekend
It's going to be a fun weekend
I wish there was a Spus game to go to today, oh well! :-(
Black Keys: Big band in small times Given the expansive economies of the ‘90s, it was no wonder that stripped-down, gutbucket guitar-and-
We're experimenting with using a backchannel to enhance our videoconference meetings
That's assuming that one even gets to a bridge, I myself would just jump off.
I'm always a little shaky on the first day anyway. Maybe I just assumed it was me.
Scary Movie 2 & The Amityville Curse NOW PLAYING in the Actorshelper Halloween Page!!
we need a bunvac6000.
in her lane?
Rice vs. Southern tonight, 7 PM, Tudor Fieldhouse. Beer available at home games now students!
The most valuable thing in life is love.
OH REALLY? And you call me old?!?! I got you ari!!
Ooh no... Ohio State is a good guess... It's the University of Miami!
you at #sxsw? I'm in line for the event.
So.. #DMB song on American Idol .. Hope for it to be #Halloween !!!
Mariano, you never let the team down. You never let the fans down. Please never think that.
kayden, your so stupid. Think about it. Its obvious your kayden. Get over yourself.
I totally wish I still had it!
haha I know. Flipping back and forth
Happy Foursquare day! We are checking in from our Cincinnati OH headquarters on this bright Monday.
How's that for DC stupidity-prohibit drilling to drive cost of gas up to encourage us to use electric cars, then hit us with a tax.
San Diego, California Weather :: 61F OVERCAST: 61F OVERCAST
Notice how and all the other scum who commit usage of the word "slut" are mysteriously unable to counter women's logic.
Congrats to & on winning the Qdoba Greek Competition.
Nice preview. I think goal should be 2 win a 1st rd series. IMO we should keep Iggy but bring in tru #1 guy
Thank you NCAA for keeping my head from hurting during this UK-Baylor game. Those uniforms hurt my eyes!
anyone know of an online tool to create SEM path diagrams that are as easy as LISREL? (i.e., point & click) (yes I realize it's Fri night)
#nw top gun
Dear , I mean I guess I can forgive you. No wonder I hardly saw my #1 photographer. How amazing was that slushie though eh
I always end up loving the spring crop of #RedSox whippersnappers, but yesterday was tough. Will miss Lowell; hope 'Tek finds his way back.
are you home for the summer??
It was the one moment I didn't believe.
NEMO'S DAD: "Don't touch the boat!" NEMO: "YOLO."
I appreciate it, man. We should collaborate sometime.
I DO WHAT I WANT , HOW I WANT, WHEN I WANT. if my mommy says it's ok c;
If you like blues, rock or funk than may be the tour of the year. If you like all 3 genres than may be the tour of the decade
Use psychology to your advantage: Encoding specificity principle. Drink coffee while studying & then drink same kind of coffee during exam.
Change is going to happen, regardless of whether or not you want it to.
Great talk on innovation by Clorox #CIO at SanFran conference today,
oh man. I'm so super busy with classes the past week. I haven't been able to do anything! :(
Shop to support the arts! If you're in the Mukwonago area this Saturday or Sunday, stop by 121 Lincoln!! Proceeds go to Pink Banana Theatre.
I've been to some pretty good college basketball games but this one is my first ncaa tourney game.
I Miss You Too :)
With NFL geniuses Berman and Gruden as the faces of the draft, I'll take a pass. I get enough ESPN over-coverage of NFL in reg season.
Look under your chairs everbody! You're getting an iPod touch!!!!
mm .. I love food :D<3 and I love you
What is the exact location of the mayor's 10 am presser tomorrow? In front of City Hall?
RT : We need to score right now!
Heading to Vail for my story today.... wish me luck!!!
hm *taps chin* I do have a free set coming and my stock is low....
I'm feeling very eh. :/.
You know you don't wanna miss brunch! From 11 to 3 today, we're serving from both our brunch and our lunch menus, with espresso bar!
Glad I'm not the only one who feels that way.
S/O to my haters :)
no worries. How you doing?
it's part of NCAS (college of arts & sciences) - what's the website url? they should have a contact somewhere.
Wondering if should get his attention
Home from S+J. Gotta get some rest for the 3am Black Friday shopping trip with the man I love . . . Mastercard. I mean, Matt. LOL. *z*
Rules do not equal fairness. You sound like a five year old child. "that's not fair"
brayden just spilled nail polish remover all over my blankie...fucker
Matt Kemp placed on the DL
Its been awhile since I've felt butterflies. Do you feel the same way too?
Atlanta Brings Out the Weirdness in the Celtics
who's your favorite NBA team and player?
I've been terrible with tweeting lately!
With those colors, people may think you're from Barberton like MyMainManMike aka
Love love love tony karaoke favorite behind clumsy thumbsy!
Search, social, and good ol' #wordofmouth! We have a great #franchise web/mktg platform! DM me for more!
Everyone come on out to Blast Friday tonight. Cleveland Street Clear Water.
The Clippers bench have scored all their pts in the 4th quarter...
i say this all the time
Ingram or Bradshaw?
lol, iRumors are always entertaining. fun to see how all the webzines jump to speculations on every tiny little hint.
lmao thats either good or bad your telling me to "Shut the fuck up" or your telling me ' es E ........." lmao
Wishing a birthday filled with friends, sugary treats and bubbly drinks!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY. I hope you have an AMAZING day. I love you so much (:
Alright, up, getting stuff done...clearing my mind and spirit, etc. etc...
I LOVE YOUU
HEY FAM FOLLOW>>> AND TWO OF MY FAVS...
that dream is pointless.
you should take a cat with you for the hat trick.
Best performance technology for positive outcomes...mouth,ears and pen. Say it, Hear it,Follow up in writing.
waiting for cake. oh yea, and my husband.
If you haven't tried our new wings you Have to stop by! Today is the best day to stop! Wing Day at Brass Monkey, .35 wings or .60 Boneless.
followed and RT'd. Have aQubeey Sunday
Is this the first-ever instance of any kind of racial diversity in the entire history of #Bachelor & #Bachelorette ?!
My copy arrived in the mail yesterday. The entire issue looks so great, but your piece was a stand out.
Back atcha. Lets hang out again soon. Way too much fun. Go Dallas Travers! Maybe see you at the next TweetUp!
he is now my favorite person : )
Truman Show
That's what keeps the fight interesting.
Great short by ! Congrats! Lovely work up on the big screen.
loving sophie and bugsy!
Just finishing blog entry. Realizing that my blogs vary on my mood. But maybe that makes its relatable. www.risaperis.wordpress.com.
Congrats!! I would really love a singing Cass ep... :)
I just may have to bite the bullet and join.
Thanks girl!
Don't compare ur life to others, You have no idea what their journey is about.
Personally, I liked this recall much more when we discussed the issues that caused the recall to begin with.
idk dawg im trying to figure things out im coming sometime this summer
That looks perfect.
count me in too. I'll send my availability.
awhhhhhh! Get a room.
RT If you LOVE GOD
A goal without a plan is just a wish.
No-hitter in Anaheim! Jered Weaver. Awesome when it happens.
I have a head ache <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
considering you don't even follow me...I have no chance. :(
My mom & I used to make May baskets & leave them on our neighbors' doorsteps. Such a great tradition fading away.
Alright let's turn this around
#NoManShouldEver CHEAT on his WIFE....that's the point of gettin married.
like the blog
We just hit 30 users today. Yes, mostly in SF, but interestingly a couple from the UK as well..
I DONT KNOW HALF THESE GUYS. THEIR ALL LIKE YOUR HOT. and im like k kool
not such a good weekend :/
your tweets look so much butter when using the new ip*d!
law school = High school cubed. We called UF "Levin High" prom and the whole bit.
Tomorrow is never guaranteed, would u be satisfied?
If I fall youre goin down with me!
OR I will not let my kid near DVR remote
:D text me! My numbers on facebook.
Come in this morning for a freshly baked savory scone and hot coffee...and of course some oatmeal cookies!
Still grading!
Calling all Smartphone users! A HistoryMiami Smartphone app is in the works! More details coming soon.
Certainly, I'm using version 5.1 on an iPhone 4S. App closes out when I move backward
Sincerest sympathies go out to the people of Japan. We can't even imagine what it's like to see one's home (dream or otherwise) washed away.
Last Night ROcked Shack in Vegas. Salsa Night was great. Looking forward to more Friday Nights like that!! Merry Christmas!
When you help a librarian out, it will return to you in multiples.
Agreed. It seems incredibly outrageous for someone who has had a pretty good reputation in the past.
He wasn't even playing ETB effects to actively kill people, but he kept hitting his recursion and Avenger of Zendikar.
"Change & growth take place when a person has risked himself & dares to become involved w/experimenting with his own life." Herbert A. Otto
God damnit, you are so fucking annoying. Just shut the fuck the up.
Check your DMs ill help you! i know how hard it is when a friend wants to hurt themselves this bad <33
Looking into the awesomeness that is Haskell.
A lot of buzz on The Hunger Games. Let us know if it's worth it.
Now time for FIFA
Tonight I made a thing called Fajita Lentils
My 10 year old is convinced that Adele set fire to her boyfriend.
RT : With American Airlines stock at 20 cents, I can't decide between paying for two checked bags or buying half the company.
Yeah but that's 4:50 pm here. Which is later than 4:30.
im team minaj all the way i luv her..!
she did the same to me twice lol she truly knows how to interact wit her fans :)
Because it's insanely popular and I don't want to come off like an dismissive asshole.
thanks for
oh bob your a cutup
use of research findings in payer+provider operations makes sense and is much needed
swear I would've went
yea im down shoot me the info but that whole track rippin do u have artists spotlights on ur station
I can't believe didn't think avengers was fantastic. Seriously. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
I helped her make it!
RIP Connor Young
Had $32.48 billion in worldwide annual sales in its fiscal year ending Sept. 29, 2008.
I tore out carpet tack tracks, sanded, scraped glue, huffed mold and tomorrow's the big day to paint my #woodfloor. Photos to follow.
then well go next weekend
RIP Billy's bracket.
Hi Lisa, if you want to support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
option-e and then the letter the accent should be over (so another e)
Oh no! What's going on?
Take all that's true but don't lower urself to anybodys "standards"
In the Orlando airport waiting for connecting flight to JFK. Old people and tourists everywhere... Brooklyn, oh how i miss you... xx, joseph
Which is why I quite being a being chemist and I'm back in school changing my career!
": lol where have you been!? Your not getting back in cp D; ?" He got kicked out?
Its gotta be the best, #thebestlovesong she ever heard in her life
lol yea well thts been my emotion for the past couple of day. Sometimes a couple rainy days are needed. =p
Need affordable reliable transportation? 1 wk left on the 2012 #Civic LX for only $169/mo with $210 down.
I'm having one of those this semester as well. Hang in there.
Imma do me
I just got a message from you lol
sports ass? You mean ? That's not nice ...
Also big news ~ We got asked to join 's Undone PDX crew last night. Super stoked! Here's to the best music in Japan and PDX!
Playing powerpop records tonight at Cactus Club 10 til close! Also is bartending! Happy Wednesday!!
i want pauls job!
I am on tilt already, I was thinking ahead of time, just fast fwd his K's!!! lol
Thanks for clarifying
Any way to link your twitter to google+ ?
how'd you do it?
Thanks to everyone who came out to lessons last night ! Msg us your email to get the step sheets and weekly reminders!
*pelvic thrusts*
Florida Blue, Baptist Health South Florida and Advanced Medical Specialties Introduce Accountable Cancer Care Program
WE hope so too. :-) Introduction: WE have a great #SocialCommerce platform & a rapidly growing network of small businesses.
Thank you for your feedback. We will alert our facilities department.
glasses aren't so bad! warbyparker.com has some really great ones
Im still waiting for Obama to be for low gas prices. Im not gay so how bout being for something that helps me huh Barack?
I'm in an airport right now too.
R.I.P. Big Pun
Wait, Caro released a music single? Seriously?? Oh, my.
you can't read can you? & not as ugly as you dick sucker lol
I agree. Stupid promo! Lol
Come on! Fans have to support when it hurts too. ": Manu & Tim out tonight, I think Im done watching until playoff time. #Spurs"
I think we got blocked
Death of #Paterno does not cleanse his legacy of covering up for and enabling a serial pedophile. Yet #ESPN and #PennState will try
"Effective leadership is putting first things first. Effective management is discipline, carrying it out."
i got a lot of presents today but my mom got more then me but she mostly got wine
Yes! Watches and cologne!
RT : DALLARA SAYS GREEK EURO EXIT COST WOULD BE `IMMENSE'
Everytime I come to Ohio I'm reminded why I never come to Ohio.
Watching my man warmup #RondosWife checking in <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0080>
I wonder what her test scores might have been like if she had been allowed to use the restroom, rather than humiliate herself.
Now following
“The secret of getting ahead is getting started”–Mark Twain
Quick stay in your net! Kings beat these desert dogs!
Starting the long journey of e-portfolio creation/presentation. I'll let y'all know when it's publicly presentable.
ok tumblr is fudgin amazin ...and crazy...letz just say people are fearless there lol:)
its been a rough day for me too I've been a crying mess. Text me if I you wanna talk about it!
By your definition Trent Dilfer was a better QB than Dan Marino.
There's plenty of time to get everything on your gardening list. We are open til 7:30. Find us at 125 Fleet Street at Scottsville Pavilion!
Jalapeño makes everything better.
What is the Neo4j team doing in Chicago?
You're way more cute! Go like our Facebook page and share with your friends(:
i dont think he hates you. i just dont think he was allowed to &im sure alot of girls ask him that so he was like not again &
Great dance video submitted for #TwitterMovie Loved your (squirrels in the park) idea! =D
#FF to my best gang in the world:
Volunteers needed for the Stamp Out Hunger May 12th Food Drive. Call 505.349.8825 to volunteer!
5 more LIKES until we give away a free pair of denim!!
Little kid peeing by the side of a highway: funny. Grown adult peeing by the side of a highway: HILARIOUS.
ugh didnt get any sleep cause i kept waking up cause someone was on my mind i thought they were layin next to me but thet werent ugh-Tamya:P
A bit of that twisted duality that seems to surface repeatedly.
I know, right! Good times. Good times.
sour cream pringles are god
check your message inbox dollface (: hope u are well love!! I'm gonna be watching your career! You are amazing!!
<U+2640>IT Takes ~BOTH~ Rain & Sunshine To Make A Rainbow<U+2640>
Had a great cheese steak and now feeling guilty?Up to the keynote speaker of today and back to california. was great for
michael cera is so cute
How did I not know that John Stockton's son was the pg for Gonzaga?
I want to meet ceaser millaaaan!!!!!
Holy crap! My out of pocket cost for the pump they want me on is going to be almost $5000.00 guess who is not getting the pump. Damn it!
Thanks for checking in with us and !
and you photo's are up to the time bout yo press like on a few of tyme tomorrow
Got home and the induction to the Beastie Boys into the Hall of Fame was on I can't stop watching and I was super tired
Workout real quick
She doesn't deserve you...
Congratulations to New Zealand!
Stricker one behind and in the fairway bunker on the 18th.
Aww yess I do. Both Hannah and me do. Mine is and Hannah's is Thanks so much! :)
Both of my ideas for social networking websites have been taken. How much do you think I'd have to pay for myface.com?
Playing a free solo show down 2nite with my good friend and local treasure Mike Giacolino. No cover, music at 9:30
RT : No sweetheart deals for the 1% the must #investigate the big banks
John Johnson~ Men and women are limited not by the place of their birth not by the color of their skin but by the size of their hope.
lol...hi again Mr.Taylor, Men, though well meaning compare spiritual with the physical and the spiritual loose the power.
Hey Baby!
somebody do zumba with me lol
Jump into the middle of things, get ur hands dirty, fall flat on ur face & then reach 4 the stars.
fukk it this lets do it again pt. 2 is on repeat for today #bordreamers BITCH
Red's my favorite color.
We were just making jokes about #gamification in the office!
How many scholarships does a team need to get a decent kicker?
TOO long, dear.
Who wants to go to the #spa Ritz Carlton Dallas for discounted services and retail?? Buy a Beauty Pass and you can! proceeds go to YTAC!
Come and visit #Seattle!
Change for yourself, not for others.
I'm flattered...but you're not my type.
She needs make-up to cover up because, society taught her who she is, isn't enough.
go follow she is a big huge fan of yours and don't make me dm u haha love ya
why is this tool following me and better yet, why am I following him...things to ponder while driving
they say shop, we say OCCUPY
i wanna go
So we are working to dethrone gods? Sounds hard.
not technically from GB, but close. I think we can do better! :)
happy birthday sir! I hope all is well.
all day baby
Future union leader? RT I think NBA players union should allow a full financial audit if there is nothing to hide....Thoughts?
THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU!!!!!
Almost 10 years AND 4,000 miles, I should add. It's not like I'm going to show up at Homecoming, folks.
Watchin how to be a player!
They fucked me Cook
I am highly annoyed, in Orange County they are more tolerant than in
It is confirmed: I still must be an actor. Thanks to the cast of Wit and its writer, Margaret Edson.
Looking forward to having an amazing day!
I know Im wrong for ridin wit the packers and Im from the chi... but theyre good man. Aaron Rogers is out there
In church worshiping my LORD!!
I just saw two corvette convertibles at a stoplight. Spring is here.
hey can u book mee?
Work stress, lack of sleep, lousy diet, and days leading up to your monthly period are the perfect circumstances for sudden rashes of acne.
Thanks for samples, branded apparel for #BumptheRunway #BabyBashBling on 5/19. Fab apparel at model fitting today!
Thursday night NFL games ALWAYS suck!
girls who smile with their eye brows up <
how naive we r 2 thnk we must know all WRT U.S. international matters. #wikileaks is wrong to publish & lacks wisdom. What good will come?
You definitely should have pulled the trigger!
yep- twitter is the Devil!-see ya tomorrow
okay then , omg i still have the bruise you left me from last night !
Don't confuse being 'soft' with seeing the other guy's point of view. George Bush
im gunna be seeing you! im meeting you !
school:/ I just want to leave! get out of the drama loop and celebrate the holidays:) #Santa:)
a stat I need to know: other than Darren Clarke, who was the last smoker to win a golf major?<<Angel Cabrera, 2007 US Open
Just found out the grammys are today--my day became exponentially better.
Well-deserved, James! MT : “: #CompCloud My Presentation is over bring on the cocktail hour.
Just ran out of gas on 130th street. Good job Nat
I need to get use to working third shift. I fell asleep twice tonight. Not good.
The biggest winners last night were P5 taking 10 of the 18 awards. Congrats Jessica and Marci.
"Auntie get me a napkin hurry!" ... "Why?!" ... "I did something really bad" ... "What?!" ... "I wrote on the banana." Lmfao only me.
Good morning, Crown Point!
I hate this place..
“: It sure looked like it RT : Is that true. Did Chrysler Detroit ad show Madison protests?”gave me goose bumps
great poem by McDonough!
I haven't watched tv the last week, I guess I have missed the commercials, but I am so excited!!!!
Good Morning #Baltimore! Time is today's word! Time waits for no one. Seize the opportunity when it presents itself it may never come again!
yep! She's a cottontop tamarin named Lucy and she stole Talia's heart.
#WestoftheFest if you’re partying with us today at Key Bar!
Im so tired of watching her suffer! Im tired of seeing her in pain! Go....you're almost in a better place!!! <|3
Who can i call?
you are TOTALLY going to be able to flag down rides on the side of the road now
I love you so much! I wish you'd follow me!
Ohh, that's so cool. ;o
": Dua ~ The most beautiful, most valuable and most powerful form of communication."
thank you jas :)
Love delivering a finalized project
you should scoop us up tho
Business is a good game - lots of competition and minimum of rules. You keep score with money. ~ Nolan Bushnell
Happy Birthday to Apple and Gmail! :)
i got my region 2 Blu for 11 bucks on eBay.
aw thhannnkss u are so nice i los t 2 followers ah idc i ll hav more soon but thanks for the heart
im Baked over cooked, well done...lmao
Thanks!!! and really, the f u? some people are horrible...
I hope this WILL last
does that mean we won't have bad dreams? :-)
Phil is a beast. You're the belle of the ball!
thanks man :] <3
uhh, kinda awkward here :|
That was my first time at one. They were pretty good. Next up...the Detroit Tedx lol!
My aunt just texted me saying I hope you stay out of jail this weekend
Congrats to for winning today's (20)12 Days of Free Pizza! Check back in with us tomorrow!
Sitting at work in pain.. I need a break ! Vaca plzz!!
Five hours until the MLB2K12 giveaway on NWSports Tonight!
Thanks RT : Would you give your spirit to the rest of the "Appeasement Democrats" - Americans ARE behind you Nancy..
long time no talk hows the story
Clothes? Something slightly fancier than he'd buy for himself.
Gospel music really does put me in a good mood. I only have one Gospel song up here though :/
with and my boy Dj Dynamix!!
I hear that!
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked Why did you dye your hair? -.-
I do not exist to impress the world. I exist to live my life in a way that will make me happy ;D <U+2665>
Interesting. Could be down, let me think about and I'll be in touch!
I guess it's a good stress when you're buried in projects, so I'll take it. Happy Thanksgiving everyone!!
Dannggg I really wish I had some peach rings right now!
•You can’t buy love, but you can pay heavily for it
hello love wus good with you sorry so late on the reply i dont really use twitter to much
I feel it in my fingers, I feel it in my toes...
I know right?!
says never stop selling yourself. You should always be market ready
this is going to be a HUGE year for you and the Rage
STAY TRUE TO YOURSELF BECAUSE THERE ARE VERY FEW PEOPLE WHO WILL ALWAYS BE TRUE TO YOU.
how they treating you out there maam? This is my first tweet to the world...well to you ahahahah
Up now, Florida Virtual Schools' Holly Sagues
I've never waited until the last min to get a costume. Can't believe this line at Ricky's. Note to self: never actually cut someone's hair.
Still thinking thru goals, audiences, content, but short answer = yes. Would <3 to hear thoughts on what you'd like to see on G+.
hey!! Mahomie can you please follow me back<33 :D
If you have great "Content" they will come, and if you don't, they won't.
Customer Intelligence is ’s biggest product launch in its history via
Congrats to our friend on her feature for Indiana Female Focus. Look for her next week on
Google is the gateway to the world!
yo, just poppin by to say hi :)
“: Rough Day in History: Lincoln shot, Titanic hit iceberg, & Great Plains saw worst dust storm of Dust Bowl era.” + I was born
Treasure Box San Diego's March menu available now - feeds a family of 4 lunch & dinner 4 about a week - check it out www.thetreasurebox.org
Thanks for stopping in! RT The fine ladies of #GreatClips always do a good job.
If your lack of punctuation is any indication of your intellect, the odds of you passing that test are slim tbh.
": that means I'm getting an A! Party" im gonna have to side with ray on this one
I wouldn't mind if u was bi lol that would be little hot
Getting ready for day 2. Tired, but chomping on a candy cane to get in the spirit
Nothing good ever happens between 7-10am, so why do people even get up this early?
If chocolate is the answer, the question is irrelevant.
We know UNICs are organizing Holocaust Remembrance events. Pls tweet and let us know about them! , ,
Just saw a lightrail train drill the front end of an MTA truck parked on the tracks. That was a lil scary, everyone seems alright though
Got a hole in one on PGA and then lost by 7 strokes
Summer class officially canceled. A little bit of music camp teaching, but looks to be a fallow summer income-wise.
#jermainePaul is awesome. His performance was beyond words, he deserved that win! #TheVoice <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A4>
Hi friends -- Check out the account when you have a sec -- that's where I'm tweeting from these days.
guys were leaving June 30th (:
Hanging outside the alterbar waiting for the show..
are you moving?
I love yall right back....They Show me love Back...Chiefn
too advanced for u..
Congratulations to Dylan McCarthy - GERMS' newest driver!
Giant panda gorilla dub squad :)
after seeing that dip in the promo thinking you are the #darkhorse!
I like them short shorts
Going to Esperanza's
16 more LIKES to go for 200!
When he told me i was his everything. I believed him.:/
Live everyday like its your last
Obama is a terrorist. The NYPD are terrorists. The Department of Homeland Security, FBI, TSA, CIA, they're all terrorists! FUCK THE NWO!
follow me soulja, U THE BEST ALIVE no doubt. we love you
He looked again
Don’t settle for ANYBODY, just so you can have SOMEBODY..
This is relevant to my interests! Thanks, and well done!
Did you know Melissa McCarthy is Jenny McCarthy's cousin? #GG trivia tidbit
omg all the captions the app made during lunch are A+. so funny
hahaha i have no idea! i haven't talked to any canadians in forever actually...that's kind of sad...
you weren't there..?
and people hate west
Thank you so much. And I love all the points of interest on yours.
Help others this Holiday Season. Tell us about your cause and let us share the message.
I'll be a freshman a week from now :))
trying to learn fedora content models
why do you say that?
... I agree, but you still need condoms, even when they are not lunatics ... :) ... Safe, Sane and Consensual ...
You said it, Gulliver.
congrats on the game frat! 06!
Literal or figurative? I have thoughts on both RT : What Part Does Saving-Energy Play in Cutting Fat From Healthcare Operations?
-as graceful on the yoga mat as at the table
I hate when people throw subliminal shots! Keep it 100 and talk that talk.
I have 2 tests tomorrow that i am definitely not ready for......
uhmmm ha okay
Hey, can you follow me please? xo
RT : R-E-T-W-E-E-T if you're #TeamFollowBack Follow and will follow you back INSTANTLY!
So exciting! ~ so proud of you, your journey and what you've become ! Miss you all!
Thank you of the fantastic Philly art space !
I was just kidding about being a train conductor. I want to be a bulldozer.
Oh no good. Yeah it's POURING outside. I hope this lightning stays away from me.
Couldn't be summer for just a few days, and already I had to read an article warning of ticks and Lyme disease.
"i know i'm not the only bastard"
I'm actually getting excited about going! Yes! Looking forward to meeting new people! :D
everyone having a good week so far? make coming home happier - have us clean while you're at work! www.pghgreenclean.com
that's good. What did u do?
Soon dance
<U+E30A> Outta my system..
thanks! It's not too shabby
I love the fact my mom & Maria are cool about dying my hair at home & not at her salon. It's just to far.
Philly Park to open up poker room in 2 weeks...Always great to have options!
Merry Christmas everyone! <3
Managed to get a calc professor that speaks english...but he doesn't know how to use a graphing calculator.
There's always #that successful "I told you so." RT : Now that I'm a Twitter addict, #Facebook blows
At the dress rehearsal for Frock Out 3 at the Denver Public Library. It's gonna rock!
And I put together all the pieces, the only thing I'm missing is you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
PFE has a good quarter with WYE now integrated
RT "Folks reading a list of grievances in front of City Hall.
I'm on twitter through my phone. I am probally going to change my username.:]
Hey i saw a sign in jimboys it said no shirt no shoes no service does that mean i can order without pants (im gonna try it)
It's super cute when our 2 year old son is asking for "Yucky Charms!"
I thought you were one ofmy best friends and your gonna forget about me?
Invite Ray Fosse and Bo Belinsky!
RT : Balderas says his office has made a recommendation to the DFA to take over
Going to sleep now. Goodnight
#BackWhenIWasAChild My Mom Always Talked 2 Me About The "Private Parts"
seriously, you just finished a 50k and your worried about dropping 6lbs?
Please support the campaign April 1 to highlight the neglect of medical needs of children with autism! Let's get #WhosFoolingWho trending!
We are kindred spirits Ms. Thompson.
S/O to & representing at the Rémy Martin event in Chicago!
I've wanted the good ol' USA to get rid of pennies & #nickels and start rounding to save money and make things more convenient for everyone.
Today is Pelly Marie's first school dance. Have a great time sweetheart.
Who uses that as their default, for crying out loud??
Thanks 2 for putting us at 600. It may just be a round composite integer, but we appreciate it
As spoken by true lovers of food! RT : Rice is born in water and must die in wine. Italian Proverb
fuck sadness. I'm on that happiness shit
de-commissioning blue-blinky, my (mostly) trusty WRT54GS router in favor of a dual-band WNDR3700. See you on the other side...
Pretty day to out and paint :)
If you dont got time for me , Then I aint got time for you
Karma is a bitch
How was his face when he heard ? : How BLESSED am I??? No Joking My Son just asked me who has thrown for Most Yds in Playoffs”
Interested in getting a year's worth of income in 1 weekend? Exhibit at www.thehomeandgardenmarket.com-Dallas, Houston, Ft Worth & Arlington
happy birthday man im going to go to drive down harry yell at people walking and ge
so i heard is gonna have a live chat tomorrow at 5.. i cant wait <3
done with work for today! w00t!
What? You can just... not run buses?
Game Plan Of A Changed Man
i always do! , plus i am in studyhall
Welcome back Captain Jack!
telling your Realtor that you have an active offer w/ another agent at the 11th hour is NOT the best way to get us to work quicker.
nevermind........ Sorry boo
Death today of Stanford's Steve Schneider from heart attack a major blow to those who care about the earth, science, decency.
thanks!! I was slow but I ran it!!
Instead, the 50 state attorneys general ask Congress to clarify TCPA requires cos to get written consent before they robocall consumers
Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible.-unknown
Herro Sugar is headed on stage now. We are next!
lmfao ikr u can tell her ass is fake her hips were movin but her ass cheeks weren't ahaha
On Twitter At School N' Shit .
How much poison is legal to give kids on Halloween? I'm asking for a dear friend.
We second that! RT Looking into fighting next month so I have to soak up all the bad food now lol
Just sayin'. Big unique space just itchin' to host a party!
Thanks, I try :)
"Fish is food for your brain", that's what my grandma use to say!
TY for the RT of "BEACH SLAPPED" the film clip!
so glad we get a new air conditioner tomorrow!
#musesocial gets a shout out at #aam2012!
When i sit and think about when a parent dies...its a very hard struggle..u feel like u gotta rush to grow up and mature.
Whoa! Say what? It was there like a week or so ago. Wonder what happened?
and your simile look good as well
Seriously. How many clowns named Quenby can there be?
Fuck writing papers. I won't be able to concentrate until 1am. I'm clearly just wasting my time right now. It's just not happenin'.
Show at chasdrs tonight..shits gonna be packed lets go
Jason is making me burgers on the grill
Independent Massage Therapists wear all hats-owner, cleaner, advertiser, receptionist, appointment setter AND give up to 5 massages per day.
whats going on in ATL? I have that pic of you here somewhere! LoL
I just bought Scott tickets to a game in April :)
Get safe transportation for your next wine tour in our 44 Magnum Party Bus! Call today for details 619.225.8466
Late night phone calls <<<<<< having that person next to you in bed cuddlin :)
Someone please make me laugh.
Calling Morris Knolls and Morris Hills Basketball for boys and girls on MSG VARSITY!!! Should be a dandy!!!
It always taste better when someone else cooks mother's meals
Is the new it word "activiate"? People talking about "activating" SD bay, "activating" an artwork, "activating" their potential...
Low interest loans would help!
Go insane tonight
just updated my iPhone app, now all I'm getting is "network error." any advice??
this is so true
LIstening to some Ben Monder guitar on Aaron Irwin's "Blood and Thunder" from 2008. A tasteful player. Betterin' listenin' to Joe Buck!.
is it just me or does taking a picture of yourself with an ipad in the mirror make you look like a douchebag ahaha
there's something wrong with you.
need to catch up with you asap about event invites!
The heat woke me up.
if you don't see it, it can't be true
An my aviators Gucci !
kevin can I get shout in the next video?
Sign of the times: 6yo daughter watching musical Annie refers to the rich man as "Daddy Starbucks".
Yes, and concerts :3.
lakers fan by default.... but im down wit it
I just wanted to say high-hanging.
www.youtube.coiiuuim
Passing time this drive reading all tweets out loud.
host 1st Wednesday's
Tonight was interesting.... The fact that my phone was dead <<<< I got a text that I would've answered. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
I'm excited to play at Winston's Beach Club tomorrow night in Ocean Beach!!
Well, its Another Monday morning
I truly love 's character! Win or lose he doesn't waiver!
don't be so shallow!!!!
if only delivered- a slice of cipolla would be the perfect end to this long week.
#masseffect3 's ending just ruined the game for me
gotta show respect to those who killin er thing ;-)
hell yeah, it's a great tune.
Happy birthday Lauren!!! :D
so, uh, I've started watching Doctor Who.
akxbvxnnzn I Know!!! The thought makes me akxblNhjj¡!!!!!!!!
enjoying thinking about motivation: stick/carrot; autonomy, mastery, purpose; leadership, results, knowledge, aesthetic, tradition, social
Does it bother anyone else that the 2nd most popular quote on Good Reads is "written by" Apple Inc. ???
I possibly just drew on my face studying for midterms.
From my back-row view this morning, Brewster Khale looked like Bernie Madoff.
Why would u want to? They r ex's fir a reason!RT : You can't be friends with your ex. Don't argue. It's fact.
Attempting to give myself a crash course in social networking, new media, and internet marketing, specifically for nonprofits. Fun.
Thanks for RT'ing the info from , I'm a big supporter of your work as well.
your crazy
haha did katelyns head get any better lmao poor us
Thanks! We hope you had a great New Years as well! :)
I love Y<U+263A>u so much! Justin bieber!!
Happy Friday everyone! What coaster do you wish you could be riding this weekend? Let us know! -Vince
RT Morning exercise.
I do not agree with what you have to say, but I'll defend to the death your right to say it
or any other apple device would be just lovely.
I hope I get a Postcard from Selena it will be so Awesome!! :D
This here is our 100th tweet! Happy #Friday all.
cold Ezell's chicken leg for breakfast .. sure why not! I'm going in
good thanks for letting us know!
I'm putting out a pan to catch the dripping sarcasm. :)
Somewhere your boss just parked his car near a playground and jerked off on your pension plan.
Here’s the hint for tomorrow: This discounted product can help you drop some serious poundage…
“: Milwaukee Brewers, May 8th 2011. 14-20, 5th place, 5.5 games out of first. That turned out ok. Lots of baseball left.”
Right. Wait...birthday party on Saturday from 1-4, hair appt on Fri 1-3, but otherwise free.
Finally finished my freakin research paper! I now have the biggest headache! Off to bed goodnight<3
EDU version of Symbaloo live tomorrow! Hope teachers will be involved to bring the best online teaching tools into the classroom!
or something
RT : Tomorrow begins #ccswg12 with 70 of the leading minds of #critcode shaping and building the field!
thanks playboy!
"If There's Someone In My Bed..They're Definitely Getting Fucked" - Joel D Smith
LOL! : Please go to Zahm Hall and tell my son Aaron what a bad decision he is making by leaving ND. Thank yo
sending one your way now (:
whoa...congrats on the Dev/Karmin gig!!!
u bout go to bed to lame
We're going to have the best-educated American people in the world. -J Danforth Quayle
Another great Duran Duran karaoke song is "Reflex". Study it and we shall rock! What should I sing...
Seeing parents on a college campus is kinda like seeing a bunch of teenagers at chuck e cheese
Football Game tonight!! LETS GO TITANS!
I can get +122 jam
I hate embarrassing myself :(
well if it's 50 shades, stealing it would be twice as scandalous. So count on it getting stolen twice as fast as normal.
I have no idea lol im just going along with it.
"The ability to simplify means to eliminate the unnecessary so that the necessary may speak." ~Hans Hofmann
As far as I know, yes, but I've been seeing *-metrics used to cover biblo-, sciento-, webo-, and alt- as a whole
Christmas Vacation with the Griswolds will always be my favorite holiday movie. "is your house on fire Clark?"- aunt Bethany
she actually said "ugly on the inside."
Adam there u r ! would u plz talk 2 me damn it!
RT : Dove Body Wash will have u sniffing the shit outta yo self cuz u smell so good
my dick hard ass fuck
I want to put "Josh follows" in my bio just to see how many people I can trick.
oh snappy-o!!!! Where are ya?
what are people thinking. Can you imagine the liability ?
aww thanks!!! your so sweet :))))
#NASCAR gwc finish at Talladega after accident scene cleared. Ky Busch leads
I'm doing amazing <3 thanks for asking (:
one reason I'm at the parish anniv is to meet richard hunt. I took a pic of the work I own by him to show him. He remembers it! I'm siked!
oh well so who wants candy
Agree. She was kick-ass. Loved her character development.
So cool. Just finished talking to my friend for an hour by FaceTime on my iPhone. I heard Brooklyn wake up to cute birds singing. <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00A6>
I guess ive been successful today bc i am exhausted!
I know. Good luck with Mr. Wound up for nothing!!! See you guys on Monday.
why he let that old lady whoop his ass like that and the gay dude...yoooooooooo ctfu!!!!!!
can't you pre-write CB? At least a little?
He sure did! RT Did you work on it??
I haven't laughed this hard in ages.
A true friend is someone who accepts your past, supports your present and encourages your future”
Magic is going to bring a winning attitude to the Dodgers, and a multiplex to right field.
please say it ain't so. I want my Tebow and noone else. Don't have room for manning so he can just leave.
Congrats on your new car!
No more pasta for a good while.
I like when you do this; 1st Marlins new park now PNC; nice work
Their cards are quite nice, agree.
Kid is presenting with two black eyes right now..
I hate how everywhere I go I have to get 2 meals to feel satisfied.
Documentaries might work but I can't put "I have encyclopedic knowledge of WWII" on my resume. ;)
Golf carries with it the comity and goodwill that are very rare in politics - Zach Wamp
because that was their last real accomplishment *runs away*
I listen to a lot of electronic/trance at work, hence the query.
#Women's Initiative is busy planning the spring event! Tuesday, April 24, Notre Dame Academy. Mark your calendars!
Just do what they ask and leave.
I am thoroughly impressed with this halftime show, and I've seen every #SuperBowl for the past 20 years.
lmao!!!!! That was too real!
Welcome, writing mama!
it's just laziness their reaching so much move ur damn legs!! Ha
: Are you thinking about this past weekend? :)
glooping at miller park.
Birds of a feather do all sorts of things together.
RT": Because i care i ended up careless."
This dinner might be the greatest thing to ever happen to humanity.
No hope no jobs no future. GOP is stalling.
is a great company! I love their products! RT : optimen by optimum, they also make optiwomen
She likes to play around.
Donna Summer's music helped so many #lgbt people, especially youth, through difficult moments. Thank you.
Boyle Heights street vendors fundraise to vend legally in their own Mercado. j.mp/x6gAM8 // I'll be there around 5:30.
Hanging out at DIFF with the storytellers. Crazy beautiful people both inside & out. Bless them for their DIFFerence.
Bill Hoest~ I just need enough to tide me over until I need more.
Let ya next move be ya best move.
Hey All! Today is the last day for my Buttercream Body Wash giveaway. DM me if you want to be entered to win. Thanks!
oh. Yes! Who had that cupcake?
I love how you run away after saying "Slut." You're cool. Lol
How awesome was this? RT : Late Night now! Opening with singing "In My Room" check it out.
Enjoyed "Maldito Amor" by Gary Hobbs on Pandora
Wish you could join us!
Though I do like Crasnick's explanation that Lawrie's suspension is for a "wig-out"
Rights for women, blacks, and now gays?!?!? What's next? Treating immigrants with respect? I want my country back.
They want us to believe Facebook is worth $100 Billion? My ass.
A great crowd right now waiting for Ron Rash to take the stage
When Pedro gets the call from the pen, the #Orioles should turn on the "Strop Light".
Trey Burke should be way more selfish. He's special. No one else on Michigan is.
For a righteous man falleth seven times, and riseth up again; But the wicked are overthrown by calamity. (Proverbs 24:16
If I'm assuming the wrong thing w/ the animations..thats my fault also...but get @ me,.making an attempt to get back on twitter
omg my new dream is to get Cody to teach me how to surf hey think about it Cody <3
Yo ! Are you at the game?
I'm serious
watching the playoffs at work..
you go to bed.
Just walked into Kauffman Stadium - last game for a while...
Christ is the Lord, not Harold Camping, not Jimmy Swaggart, not Oral or Richard Roberts, not Jim Bakker, nor any other "minister".....
Easy to dream a dream, though it's harder to live it- they gonna love me for my AMBITION<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
#GoTribe Lyrics to go...Tribe...(Head nod)
who wrote this script? "adele: welcome back!" ? and this is the first (and only?) time paul will be referred to as an og
I know, but like... yeah.
Peter is living my dream. Have a kid. Get ambered. Wake up and you've got a grown adult kid. No messy diaper days or teens to deal with.
Stefan Demos with 32-yard field goal with no time remaining gives 26-26 tie against Pittsburgh Power at the half.
Officially completed my subsequent BS in eMarketing from Franklin University!
Independence Day Bash at SUITE TONIGHT July 3rd with DJ Quadi
Do you have a baseball bat lying around?
live...love...suck me dry of all my money. NOMO.
I wish #oomf took German class with me so I could cut up with them about it!
Our #cildc workshop went great today. I worry too much.
Just saw a plane touch down out my office window near O'Hare International Airport. Hope to fly them again, soon!
Love that Granny G is trending. is so fun to watch. It's going to be a great season.
Sleep, its not just for breakfast anymore!
Merry Christmas! Enjoy the holiday music today because you won't be able to hear it for another 8 months or so.
Good pussy aint got shit on faithful pussy. #Nthatsreal<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088>
:) Interns only right now. RT : Hi thanks for contacting me. Does this mean you want to hire me? :)
The exhibition opens on Oct.16, hope to see you in the Museum soon!
OK I just followd
CBS could have done a #one_shining_moment and had everyone in tears but instead opted for more talking! Come on Nantz!
I think it's pathetic how they hate on him. In all honesty I couldn't care less what they think of Peyton because in my eyes he's PERFECT<21
Lord, free me to show your love through a caring hug at just the right moment, just as Jesus welcomed the little children to him.
RT beastie boys are hip hop legends. I remember my brother's license to ill album was always on rotation when I was little.
Really need to register for both NEA and NEHA fall meetings. Side note for Boston kids: NEHA is at Emmanuel this year!
Cm punk lets go cena
always for brandon #belt when they bring him back
Follow , another of our keynote speakers for #NCORE2012!
#tool. You saw how he threw his helmet off?
PickUpLine: Would you like to try an Australian kiss? It is just like a French kiss, but down under
being edited as we speak...end of the month hopefully
excited to see you tomorrow/Friday!
it's one of the big mysteries of this whole disaster
Q: Do i have to talk to insurance co. on other side, threatening to close file if I don't. A: No! "closing file" means nothing legally
Cheerwine is delicious! Thank you for introducing it to me
Come back home to vegas!!!!!!
Thanks for sharing with us at YPO. Hope you enjoyed being back in the south.
Why does my throat have to hurt so bad :( I feel like crap!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
Just met a woman....first name Allison, last name Wonderland! I'm not joking.
how's that I don't get
Go ahead and judge but I'm into everything Californian.
Get it girl.
congrats! Your first?
i haven't watched yet!!!
Already ready to go back to Georgia...
my twitter background is smexy xD
i submitted my entry but it redirects to same page, how can i check if it went through?
My big brother Scott will be on the TWC Sports 32 roundtable tonight, talking about the #Brewers anemic offense and how to turn it around!
just told me she forgot that she had a twitter! what the heck is wrong with her hahaha
Smith says first contact with Urban Meyer was on Sunday, Nov. 20.
lmao oh now you follow me >_<
RT Quinton's fat ass way back there. Homie can't keep his pants up. Tryna borrow a belt, I'm like nobody here wear size Equator!
Sleep timer set for 15 min - tv off at 1am winner or no winner!
sitting in one of the new sauna cars on Caltrain
Yea CC was leaving. If anything they should be pissed about the Cliff trade. Carrasco,Donald,Marson? Lol talk about shitty.
testbed for what? I work at a 9-12 library, and curious.
Thank you kindly :)
someone that makes sacrifices for you and loves being around you and your company! Thats my perfect mate!
Storify seems to be unanimous now, any other suggestions?
yeah yeah yeah. Baby steps. Baby step!
That was the tweet of the century. I applaud you for that.
Looking 4 partner 2 be on-the-ground organizer of Taste and Tweets. Want to partner? www.TasteTweet.com/MarketDirector.htm Plz RT
Yes! We are wrapping up details with the artist today in order to start printing. It is going to be really, really cool.
good times! No baseball this year?
i am not pregnant, I swear!!!! Nor am I 16. So, Im safe haha
i had the best lunch period in a while.
look at A-Rod, too cool for school over there
I really hope one day I would open twitter and having in my followers list. Amen.
I want a tattoo ....
New song up on our facebook! Check it out and tell us what you think!! <3 DC
what about tomorrow, Wednesday? r u back on Old Slip and Water?
Jazz are getting slapped. Id still use them in 2k
Hire character. Train skill. – Peter Schutz
We celebrate women in business in Indy by offering free events to those who want to share their inspiring stories with others! Get inspired!
This is my day for walking (for about an hour) in Central Park.The low temps and wind chill have nothing to do with it.I need sunglasses,tho
Just seen on tv that some 2pac's ashes were rolled up n smoked with some bud!?!? Really?? #FactOrFiction??
YES! When my friend Linda passed, her organs helped TEN people! Even her skin! Why bury or burn what's totally useful?
Plectrum Artist Series feat The Bridgebuilders from Boston, MA will be on Unregular Radio tonight 6-8p www.unregularradio.com
Which means the DP will be Clint Dempsey! #obviously RT : Chris Birchall will take the final #crew96 international roster spot.
mandii's sweet 16 party was soo much fun, i ended up dancing on the bar thingy in the hall with all my frnds:)
I don't know you, but I want to. You strike as smart, savvy and downright visceral sometimes. My kinda progressive, keep it up!
Editing photos and watching Law and Order.
You're coming back to Cali??
I'm not a fan of Andalous. My driver actually said that the owner uses poor quality ingredients. Did not approve.
good morning! How did everything go yesterday with your dad?
We are a non-profit musician artist organization. We promote, and devote ourselves towards helping young talented musicians of all kinds.
Good morning :)
I learned an important lesson tonight. God is all around us & things happen every second because of Him. Open your eyes and you will see it!
Lunchtime jog. Just a mile, but it felt good.
I know u were :) photos info all soon
Upstream Public Health and NW Health Foundation join Save Portland PE Coalition!
Wintertime grillin'. The best thing since...Summertime grillin'.
steal shiny sand, 9th gr world hist. ss responding 2 rfp 2 time travel + steal gold from early african civs via presentation
Your amazing i love you come to Holland Michigan !!!! please .
spelt my name wrong
I'm not a philosopher, so I don't concern myself with questions like "How many Oreos is too many?"
“ If you have a Record & CD Collection for sale, we will buy it - e-mail or call +44 (0)1474 816043”
word up keep at it fam, just keep grindn I gotchu
lmao...so true. He is good I agree. But not on Lee, weaver, verlander level
Um I can. And Im not.
#ThingsIReallyCantStand When People On Twitter Say #TWEETME And When You DO They Never Respond..
It's absolutely gorgeous there. Glad you go to see it! Looking like another great Kauai day! Enjoy the island/resort!
With Patrice in the room after getting injured, who else would lead the #Bruins back but David Krejci.The man has been on fire the last week
YOU NIGGAS ARE PLAYING A PRANK. I AINT HEARD THE SONG YET. SOMEBODY SEND ME A FUCKIN LINK IF ITS NOT A PRANK
so many baby centipedes. everywhere.
You are getting hungry...very hungry....yes, we are hypnotizing you via tweet. Get to The Lube for some wings tonight!
It does. I have some meds, not working v well. Thinking about trying 2 see a neuro as well. We have 2 take care of ourselves 2.
We will be at the #PITT Blue and Gold Weekend selling our Pitt Slyder Game
From Barcelona to Las Vegas. I will be attending the Digital Signage Expo this week. Looking forward to it!
weird getting an invalid package error on my Samsung Epic
Change yourself, change your fortunes. - Portuguese Proverb
I think I went to sleep like 1 o'clock.
Hit an run
When people try to talk to you in mid repetition.
Despite a laidback wkend enjoying my parents' visit to CLE, I'm so tired today. Upside? I have an excuse to treat myself to coffee!
true that. I hope to work with him one day
Yeah I did. I'm not even sure I'm ashamed! Lol.
For Fall 2011: Workbooks and CDs for the Japanese Language Proficiency Test available in PAM. Sugoi!
sorry I got bounced out - forced reboot of my computer due to software updates :( Hope you guys kept the fun going without me :)
And I ain't on on stalker SHIT but I rather chase money bitch
Touched by Kim Youn Na's win yesterday. Cool that my nieces can see non-Koreans go nuts over a Korean athlete.
Thx for RT! Blog post by : Dan Rockwell, Leadership Freak, had an auto accident and needs our help.
#AskObama can you tell me when and will be back to their day jobs?
looking forward to seeing you tonight!
KARAOKE NIGHT TONIGHT!!
ok i did lol
I just showed mom what facebook is... Sweet ;)
I've passed 3300 followers, thanks for your interest, everyone!
I got the 150 word articles done. Now on to the 300s. I got 10 of those to do. Wow it's never ending.
TAKE IT TO THE HEAD ^_^
Don't try to be all things to all people. Find your niche and speak to it. Thrive in it!
Pretty forlorn: my Borders Rewards card staring at me from the table this morning. Long live Rainbow Bookstore Coop!
Long wait is over!Boyfriend music video tomorrow!
USA/France from Worlds is on NBCSN right now.
hello everyone :D
same here so what u been up too buddy
“: So much Robert Horry in Christian Watford.....”// That is a fact.
Thanks for the
No female soccer player has a better head on her shoulders than Abby Wambach
I refrained from dubbing that last tweet a "#bfaproblem" because too many non-BFA problems have given a misnomer.
Any working parents who need something educational for their children to do during the summer...check out LELC's "Summer Day Camp"
this is why i use
yup!, great deal of appeal to our gen. Btw, ill have u know that my NewYrsRes is to see at #mardigras again this year
Can you address JNPR?
Firstly, your aptitude for gaming is graciously rewarded by a generous compensation
it wasn't though, that is where you are wrongo
“Music is love in search of a word.” Sidonie Gabrielle
Have you voted yet? We can and will make this Senate Republican with your vote. Make sure to vote #GOP TODAY!
Another panic attack. It was suppose to be just a phase.
You may want to give a follow. The wittiness is definitely peaking as it prepares for the big show.
Ight I guess Its Time To Start Goin In On This Twitter Thing.... So Her We Go!! My Life.
Only 5 more LIKES and the new album gets posted! :)
:) LJE: We are faster for Java, Mr Blue...
not if I win before you :)
Learned from my kids today that the Easter Bunny poops jelly beans. Who knew?
I'm gonna give it like its never been taken!
“: Oh no! Will you have your friend email the details to ? We'd like to see if we can help
In sunny Tucson with Looking forward to meeting all the franchise owners!
How do you get paid off of it ? Is it per download or is it a free promo for you to get your name out?
come on back in! What are you waiting for? I'll be in the office on Tuesday. Can you make it in?
haha but I'm already ahead! :D
rican smfh whatd you get???:p
surprised i have died from a calorie over dose tonight with Alex and Lauren! hitting fitness hard tomorrow!!
is certainly a program favorite! Dark psychological soundscapes, dredging the subconscious to reveal hidden mysteries!
Don't just Chase your Dreams, Catch them...
Planted my first edible type plant yesterday, raspberries! I can't wait until they have fruit! cc:
How? I'd support. Link? MT Encourage informal convos in phys & virtual spaces. (I'm working to make this happen)
didn't you once sing the praises of Schlitz?
1st rate presentations by Speakers Boehner, Pelosi and Hastert at celebration of the bicentennial of Henry Clay's election as House Speaker.
I cant log in to interact -_-
"Target the right journal." Seek advice from #AmericanU editors about placement.
Seriously how can a major leaguer forget how many outs there are?! In a tight one, Ramirez's mistake could cost the Brewers the game.
Visiting family in Gilbert, Arizona. Nicely removed subdivision!
Annoying boys -.-
So nice to see you yesterday. Thanks for the lovely lunch!
Perpetual optimism is a force multiplier ~ Colin Powell
Kim:"how do i work this for baking cookies?" Me:"umm..well first thats the dish washer.."
Woo hoo! Awesome! Should I swing by or will you mail? Also, I run a NPO and the same ppl that made one of your punk to....
Permanent Makeup Special! 100 off all procedures during the month of April. Call us for an appointment now. Evenings and weekend appts
Deadly Sins of Public Speaking #7: “Pride - Pride is committed by a speaker who believes that public speaking is about them.”
nice article. I just moved back from NYC and was pleasantly surprised.
yay(: once ur done with exams just tweet me and we'll establish a password
I want a country boy
I could really use a wish right now.........
So, THE WIRE is not about tightrope walkers in the circus. Bummer.
#MoviesThatNeverGetOld............... i would have 2 say the parent trap!!! but the second one
Took a pic with
Some of the best songs out there haven't even been recorded yet. Another reason to attend live performances.
WTH is Peter petrelli's dad doing on Alcatraz?
I spent the eve listening to "Norman Centuries" podcasts. Those Williams & Henrys giving Carolingians a run for their $
All you see, I owe to spaghetti. Sophia Loren
At a sweet sixteen. Theme song moment for life by nikki minaj.need i say anymore
Casting notice that has the gall to demand of "serious actors only" should be a union production. Serious actors don't do non-union.
thanks! You're da bomb!
Sockless in yoga today
“: Defense wins Championships!” Nobody knows that more than
you better be going to the boston AN show, and you best be getting me a t shirt.
a big booty sex machine ?
Watching casino royale. James bond is my man. Love me a good tux.
im scared for your hair. Its going to die. Just saying.
Is it an app!?
yes. Im going to go like all your instagram pictures to blow up your notifications(; haha. I'm bored(:
lmao *plays go-go remix of "Jingle Bells" then a hyphy remix*
Finding the Right Drug Treatment Program | Drug Abuse Reviews
have fun at prom:)
really feeling left out with all these avengers midnight screening tweets
And so has my childhood...sigh. ": Adam Yauch of the Beatsie Boys has died at the age of 47."
will definitely take a listen when I'm by a computer. Thank you for the shoutout. Diggin the black sheep.
We all wet our lips to prepare for a kiss but it never came
I hope who ever coined the term word play is run over by a skool bus
but they only serve that in Canada. Rehor lives in the U.S.
Okay this is hilarious. respond if you want the answer: Why did the dead baby cross the road?
Nicole... Sigh... Really? Don't you dare make this about you!
I C U
Timmy. See you soon! “: Looking forward to hanging with at the event! #NEXT”
I think I'm gonna start calling rolling papers 'Angel Wings'.
Learning about mobile apps for Ed. Blackboard is 5 times more engaging and intuitive via iPad app than in browser
RT : Driving to Heathrow, Somali taxi driver asked if I know in Pakistan. Now that's global fame!
The fuckin best
God damnit. I fucked up my mustache while i was shaving....i look like Hitler now. Ima just shave the whole thing off now lol
Pity, we have been looking forward to this all Winter! What was the result of your game #3?
I love how chill Sunday nights are, but I hate Monday mornings.
He was careful to keep from Becky what it washe had seen
Being back at ball state really makes me miss college!
15 min qtrs - play exact statisical representation of your teams offense and defense
20 more days until i have been #drugfree for 2 years! #accomplished :)
Thanks for the tweet!
Got home from a carrete at 9 a.m. #officiallychilean (except I fell asleep on the couch who's surprised)
“What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.” - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Yes, he is one. I have seen him say and do lots of asshole stuff
TONIGHT: The PSA w/ Prizzy Prizzy Please et al. This is your last chance for wavy theremin action!
RSVP NOW for OVS' 2-day Sweet Home Alabama Trip to Birmingham and Florence on July 21 and 22! RSVP deadline ends tomorrow!!
Just cast on Casting Shadows! WhooHoo!
You will forever be the winner to me. Please make sure I have some Jamar Rogers music to listen to really soon. I love you!
Follow Back!
hehehe have fun driving yourself nuts with the forecast!
So glad you don't suggest choosing between Nutella & peanut butter - we can't live without either in our house!
From 6-7 tonight the UW Marching Band (or at least part of it) will be at the totally remodeled #ZimbrickBuick. Bring the kids!
One of those days where I lose faith in about a million things. Here's to better things tomorrow.
My dinner tonight >>>>>>>
tonight was super fun!!!(:
Hi everybody!:)<3
My little bitty baby brother.. I just can't believe it
You're welcome, Zackary. With you, studying is always fun.
Your fresh ideas maybe your future
Lion is out! Are you brave enough get it now? or are you waiting?
BIG TIME LA TONIGHT. So Exciting
Having a meltdowns because you're to drunk to process what's happening
I haven't touched vicks in two years since my job with the nurses. The smell brings back memories
did you know the boy that plays Cato is/was an abrecrombie model?
You learn something new every day. Today: Jack Black was a Bobby McFerrin groupie. Yes, the Don't-Worry-Be-Happy-Bobby-McFerrin.
Omg I'm still drunk!!! Don't remember shit last night, dont even know how I got in my bed
Surfers make it look so easy...it's not.
better losing by one than six or seven points
RT : Really impressed with OneNote 2010. Integrated audio & video recording, integration with Outlook, linking between pages l ...
basic bitches <<<<<
Going back to sleep. Early rising. Night world.
Thanks! So glad you liked it!
Awesome! Congrats.
uh, yeah. i took it easy on the way in, too.
Just got text (spam!) claiming I've won a prize from ??
Welcome Back Backstrom. #Caps OT highlights with Our Sunday forecast from Join us for News4 at 11
From a retired CPA: Isn't "happy tax season" an oxymoron?
they ae probably whole grain! :P
RT : was #AMAZING last night at !! Tonight he takes over !! Are you ready #Miami ?!?!
i know sorry baby! <33 but i had to work :{
Effing spoiled brat.
Does anyone know where I can find information on the history of Amaranth? (I'm looking at you, !)
Check Out the Home for New Music and Unsigned bands at www.facebook.com/sunsetislandmusic You will be glad you did
We are right here and working hard! :)
Ladies Tank Tops available this Monday @ www.SnoClothing.com Stay Tuned....
my mom said she might cry prom night -____-
Indeed. I bet you're excited about the floor!
i'm just pissed off all the time lately. everyone & everything annoys me.
follow back please? :)
#ThatAkwardMomentWhen you tell a story you feel good about. then someone acts sad. you think "is this sad?" then you're confused
and now its a #Bindelglass thing
wanted to send you some love!!! Looking forward to hearing all about the big day!!!!! Xo, your friends at Priscilla of Boston!
Countdown to Stocking the Pequod Closing Reception...12 days! Hope everyone is practicing their shanties!
I wonder - how do you address developmental readiness (or lack of readiness?) Just curious.....
I think the second one was around only for the last season, maybe not even the entire season.
Ima be me 365 an 366 on leap year
So hard to focus on school with spring break right around the corner....
#FF local friends of
Today is Las Vegas's birthday. Las Vegas is 107 yrs old today tweeps
Don’t expect to find the right person if you aren’t willing to let the wrong one go.
Wow...Pats lookin' good right now.
GOOD MORNING!
Ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass...
my May is packed af! don't even have time 2 get bored...
Uh... windshield wipers in use? excuse me? It can't be raining!
I have to move forward with my life so I need ppl that are moving in the same direction..not trying to pull me back.
Always great to see you ! It's a small world!!!
Nice. I would gladly trade all these trees in central Virginia for a distant horizon, a steer or two, and a couple t-poles!
I can't ever read the words "Hunan Chicken" without my brain automatically replacing the first N with an M.
Good Q! RT : Q at : how do u determine who opinion ldrs r on soc media? Thoughts frm the Twitterverse?
#RightOn - He was a non factor when sh*t got real fam!
Thank god your here! ^_^
RT RIP Adam Yauch of the legendary Beastie Boys...
hey, i hate my feet.
iTell you that you smell so sweet, then you get on top of me...
are you still sore from a workout that happened a week ago?
RT Every time I see tweet about being outside the DC Establishment, a part of me laughs, then dies.
gest got a #facebook after so long i did it i sold out
At CEO Roundtable dinner w/ Bob Taylor founder & president of Taylor Guitars. World-class guitar maker & great San Diego company!
So excited to find #vegan #peanutfree #nutfree marshmallow
cheers...me too :)
Can't stop listening to "Payphone", i Love Maroon5 (:
Everyone is entitled to be stupid, but some abuse the privilege.
YES! I love swimming .. It's a plan !
Crap. New song for my hypothetical The Voice audition. You'll Never Be the Sun. Emmylou. Need I say more?
And I can tell you firsthand Omar that our Council President's commitment and sincerity is very real.
A smile is a light in the window of the soul indicating that the heart is at home.
Audio guy putting the last few touches on Rosehaven's new movie 'Fair Play'. It's looking good folks!!! Stay tuned for the release date
Ha ha ha what can i say....
Life is too short to be small. -Benjamin Disraeli
is wishing everybody a happy National Grammar Day!
I hate Clint Barmes. And to think we have this asshole on a two year contract.
Make sure that the number you provide on your profile is correct. Some people have missed out in the past because we can't reach them
Hehe. You're hot. :p Wow....im weird. :D
LSU's safety Clayborn, got a 4/100 on the NFL strategy test. He won't be going pro in something other than sports.
I refuse 2 live a life that is not characterized by living supernaturally. Anything else is beneath my royal privilege.
i hadn't; thanks! hopefully it inspires more positions elsewhere!
hahaha we thought you'd like that!!
Listening to RT 1050 ESPN NY: "NY Baseball Tonight." Noon-1pm. Joined by Jody McDonald, talking #Yankees, #Mets, &
the trend now is snapbacks and tattoos
im probably going to fail this bio test tomorrow! -_-
I agree. I like him now tho cuz his shoes are dope.
I hope they are impertinent questions.
I'm glad so many people on Twitter can make good money from home!
We'll see about that.
lmao well they could be dating..Its more obvious now since she posted a picture of them 2;)
Bad foul mosv
And he's asleep! I wonder how he falls asleep so fast?! :D oh well gotz to lovez him :D
Who's Hungry tonight?
I love living in LA. You get to go to cool events! They're right at your doorstep all the time.
Eventually, That was the plan...
I feel good updating my instagram :) haha
nah! Inspired.
I wonder why 35 news Is at oak ridge
Your goals are the road maps that guide you and show you what is possible for your life. Les Brown
is getting talked into staying another night in Tahoe to milk the last of the snow and utilize the cheap season pass.
No BOT'S here! Networks are built with brains and brawn! One social network at a time.
wtf is wrong with you
#IGetJealousOf people who get to meet Cody.
how about PERFECTION? <U+2665>
Happy Saturday All! We open for lunch today at 11:30:)
The green makeup for the Wicked Witch of the West in the 1939 Wizard of Oz got it's color from a dangerous chemical, copper oxide.
Working on some communications/marketing materials for -
Doubt it :/
Aw! That's so sweet! I couldn't live without your crazyass either! <3
So... Apparently I'll be competing in some kind of media challenge.... This should be interesting. And hilarious.
I was quoted today in t/ NYDaily News on how mktng & media has become a focal point of expertise in the Hispanic community. All true.
So, he was just the chauffeur??? lol Did i spell that right???
im not sure how u can be conscious and like lebron. hes good at basketball. thats it. Never will/should get credit for his skill.
Just Unliked all the Hype!
Neal Stephenson Q&A @ Nat BookFest: "Which of your books would you select to be made into a movie? NS: "The shortest one." Nice.
no those are cougars that will be us but he will only be ours.
“: #Pacers bout to dick smack these heat dick riders.” Wana bet?
Chk out www.privacythemovie.com Supporting role of Adam in this one.
we can't wait to *hear* what you come up with at our Spring Fair.
#SAYSOMETHIN I love it!!
Lol I know
MyCity promo girls are giving out lots of FREE brand swag this weekend at our product promotions, stay tuned for times and locations!
Told Evan that Giants and Yanks make up for Knicks. What does he have making up for his ETS? Dan Murphy raking singles.
hold on i'll show you :D
At Academic Roundtable pre-conf "What Do I Count?"
I'm not gonna run after you.
thank for the shout out!
found my future baby pig today...her name will be Sheela, and I will potty train her #pigobsession :)
3/4 a singer I mean u was the one tht said #NeverSayNever and I live by that and if u could follow me I would be so happy but
it's sslurtles all the way down!
Wicked Carnival apparel will be coming to a store near you in the near future!
Eggs, bacon, and biscuits covered in gravy... Doesn't get any better :)
always takes my chats even if I usually am trying to chat with someone else
Apparently it's only class warfare when the lower classes fight back.
Apparently people with light-colored eyes have a higher tolerance for alcohol than us brown-eyed folks. Interesting.
Jeremiah5:28Their evil deeds have no limit;they do not plead the case of the fatherless to win it,they do not defend the rights of the poor
Can't wait til jazz in the park starts up like how Taylors, & right there
The guy who takes a chance, who walks the line between the known and the unknown, who is unafraid of failure, will succeed
Free movie Friday ! Caller 98 on the touchtones wins passes to
Our entrepreneurs on CO are impressing #SBA admin Karen Mills. They are thoughtful and inspiring in their stories.
Twitter, don't look at it as spilled juice. Look at it as an opportunity to clean up that mysterious brown dot on the floor near the fridge.
That zombie had it comin'! Probably
New CandySwipe Free game comment in the #android market: "Candy swipe is the most addicting funnest game ever!!!!" by Leah
If you don't take care of yourself, how will you take care of your business, your family, your life?
At student forum listening to the MIU Advisory Committee's recommendations to improve undergraduate advising on campus.
So how long until Newsweek calls Obama the first woman president?
Yeah both are compatible together. Hope it works out
What a great day in #Madison #WI and #Omaha #NE! The temps outside are nice and the wind is perfect. Now if the sun would just come out.
#oomf better recognize what time it is. Its #Laketime around these parts
of course you can ((:
RIDIN THRU THE CITY WIT MY HIGH BEAMS ON THINKIN IMA QUIT B4 I DIE DREAM ON! *ahha* held 4 RAN$UM muuuuaaaahh
He who tip-toes cannot stand he who strides cannot walk.
I think its time to nap
love it.
Post Its domination! Nice. :)
I cannot believe he missed the field goal!
we hope so! Thanx! Come visit our store when your in downtown!
Scorzies will be available starting this weekend at the Cornhole Factory in Summit, Mentor and Boardman malls in Ohio!
SO TRUE on the coffee comment!!! haha
welcome new followers. we're a rock band in Rochester, NY. next show is Johnny's Irish Pub August 20, join us won't you
Lol I say " oh crap " for every thing :) I'd do thumbs up but Idk how . Oh crap ! I need to learn . Oh crap ! Imma learn something :( yay !!
Worst day of my life today.....
I got a couple of restaurants following me too.
I miss you baby!!!!
RT : "Success is how high you bounce after you hit bottom." George Patton*
Not much, nothing like you on the stage! On my way to rural Virginia tomorrow for a conference! All good w/you?!?
My fave childhood memory is being forced to sleep with a blanket whose patterns all too strikingly resembled my great aunt's spider veins.
On my way now
#LAStageTalks Anything off limits? Steven (backstage gossip)
Omgawd. I cried seeing Rob & Big when mom dyrdek says goodbye to him & they both cried. Omgawd. :') <333 :D I love rob.& drama ;)
on Saturday i have a gospel rally at my Church and Sunday is Youth service how about u?
Entrepreneurial Lesson #1: shorten the cycle of learning whether or not your idea will work.
i didnt mean to ry- HERE IT IS! (:
Why do I always feel like I am doing a lot, and yet never enough? Guess that means I am on the right path, just need to change perspective.
someone searched "dry cracking stretch mark penis" and was directed to my blog. I'm concerned.
You wrong for that
Hey! Thank you so much for listening!
I feel like it's like subliminal messaging. I mean, they are british....everything they do is dirty. Haha
Thanks for the follow!
I bet Kentucky could beat the Blazers...
Hahahah good times.
#ASECS12 Brown: focus on animals in 18c can lead us to discover new genres. E.g. Lapdog poems as form of love poetry.
Only if they put it same room with Matt Dillon's hat...
hi your account DMd me a spam link; you might want to check your login security & linked apps.
Happy Friday! DealShow starts in 3 hours, get excited to get yourself a new #present for the #holiday #weekend!
hey...just wanted you to know....all tebow does is win....he is a baller...a play caller....and all he does is win
Woman's day, Wasn't it just Valentines day? What next in 2 weeks? A non issue if women actually recognized men a lil more
not long enough...
Print project, feature film shoot, and film screening over the next couple of weeks. Busy is good.
Police scanner: "Resume normal operations in the next ten minutes." Hurrah!
there's beauty in everything, it's just how you choose to look at it.
fuck everything, and everyone. seriously.
The Town was an amazing movie. Worth the $.
RT : Lets go DU....RT : Intros before we get going from Summit Arena.
RT : I think I need to order breakfast before I commit murder. Bacon will fix this feeling, yes? << BACON FIXES EVERYTHING!
Might be time to turn on the air-conditioner....
i need a new profile pic.
RT People will actually care about you when you're dead.
coming over for the pack game tomorrow night?
RT : Arc of maxi-tornadoes may stretch from Lincoln-Omaha-Sioux City-Des Moines. Pray they hit farmland. 75-100 tornadoes?
Thanks! Glad to be on board :)
Omg rj berger is coming
that's what's up! Tell them to check out the "Chicago Style" mixtape!
SO AWESOME having at the #ForTheRecord show tonight. Your energy was felt and so appreciated by me and the WHOLE cast. Love you!!!
Listening to Keith Parker, CEO, VIA explain transportation visions for the future @ WDC LookWest breakfast series.
My pedi was a waste of money , my pinky toenail came off
sounds like hitler is screaming in the song mercy
Did Marketplace just play The Pixies' "Debaser" after a segment on the financial crisis?
“Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone” <U+2015> Pablo Picasso
My mom told me to clean my room before bria and janee get here............... Ha Yeah fuckin right lol they've seen my dirty room
UCI beat us. Pretty sure you were present. I see a correlation.
Sucker punch!
The problem with deep cleaning my desk is being disgusted by how much dust falls back on it over the course of a single weekend.
just thought ii'd say hey to you :)
Happy 100,000 miles to our Subaru Outback!! Cheers to many more!
I thought true grit was pretty good at that
The LOOK: Blonde Is Beautiful - GoLocal Worcester
Time for some #JustifedFX! Then shower. Then beddy bye.
Burton no different MT : Seriously wet, grey morning. Definitely a day for indoor occupations!
#ConfessionHour I am a nose picker.
Holy tits
Yahoo! Taxes are ready to be filed.
That is unfortunate.
that is FUCKING HOT!!
We're finally out of school!
Regarding the article mentioned, I hope to be able to finish & post it soon. Let me know if you are being informed & learning something.
Awesome show today! Very inspirational. Thanks!
Peg at has the best ideas!
i've always liked "i'll be" by edwin mccain but hearing the acoustic version makes me like it all over again! thank you pandora :)
WOAHHH THERE PARTNER((; Is this about The boy you told me about the other Day?(;
nails done then swimming w/ nicole and erica . <3
where's that?
Met some good people. Learned some good info. Lot to think about
And I'm finally picking up my Nixon 51-30!
cow shit, really... I like the smell of gasoline when Im at the gas station. Weird?
Yes please. Though Secret World of Arrietty is out now and most excellent.
yep. Prolly can't use it till next weekend. But at least it'll be done. :)
Oo come on denver
how can vandy fans cheer for a kid that only stays 3 years? Despicable!
My bestfriend and I are sitting at chilis and slapping each other in the face with a napkin.
Thanks bro I appreciate that support!
Did you ever have a chance to meet his dad, Jerry? He was quite the character.
Occupy Detroit peaceful as hundreds march, camp out
Today's Republican Party: "You mean women can vote? Wait a minute! Since when?"
#ASKGEORGE DO YOU LIKE PLAYING KYLE IN WATERLOO ROAD?X
I've been asked to be THEE AMBASSADOR OF AFRICA AS ONE (AAO)! Wata you think guys? Should I?
u know now every one thinks now tht u date selena gomez u dont tweet ur fans any more and thts true becuz im one of ur fans
lol nvm it's sold now :-(
I know nothing of horse racing, does this mean u just made lots of cash? Or just get to experience the joy of winning? ;)
dang you bake sale
love that commercial!
come on...
you should!!
No power for 2 days now... my o my thank god we have a generator or there would be no Twitter <3 Happy Halloween little monsters, be good ;]
hey ur icon's cute (:
Coffee + Zyrtec + The Mix Up on has got me going this Friday
I think my subjects are just naturally small -- rooms, people, words. perhaps this will keep me relatively unproduced.
"Duty makes us do things well, but love makes us do them beautifully"
Follow he's fucking awesome,true belibers(boy belibers Australia)
Checking at to give their swanky new shared workspaces a try!
I'm so glad you liked it :). Working on a few more things now. Hoping to get another project produced soon :)
some niggas are groupies. that's never tight.
Happy Monday!!! Hope everyone has a beautiful week!
I swear I feel like I have no energy left after that workout I just did
We'll be counting down alongside with you; we've marked our calendars!
- is it a feature of 6.5 that when you click Zoom in the toolbar the application crashes without saving?
hell yea lol has too I can't do it to one of those acne hair not done bitches I want someone lookin good befor and after
": Nice win for us in a tough environment last night."You was clutch at the end! Glad your last game there was victorious!
whenever i get back to writing, that is. i kinda miss that part of it...
Today is Valentine's Day. Or, as men like to call it, Extortion day.~ Jay Leno
Also, holy crap that last episode of #Korra had the best bending fights yet. Can't wait for next weeks.
Tests came back and found like 9 things wrong with me. Some of it explains a lot esp. the pain...
Cocktails with and 's mom.
RIP Whitney Houston
Don't tell me how hard you work, tell me how much you get done. - James Ling
Was just standing on the corner of M & 20th as a girl broke up with guy...the catch? She was married, he wasn't.
Go Mom! :D After all she's earned it. Now she has bragging rights.
are you coming to the show?!
come back!
The official music videos for "STAY THE NIGHT" &"HUNG UP" from 's Soul Food Mix tape coming soon!
Just listening to speak on tv >>>>
dude stop taking out your shit on me. go play some more black ops.
Not too much! And how are you?!
Where would I be if I didn't have God in my life? Smh I would def be completely lost in this corrupted world follow me
Cannot wait to see and in two days
brogan!!! Please follow! I love you soo much! Your songs are so relatable to me. you definitely have talent.
Man ! I'm Tired Of Bitches Playing With My Emotions .
Done :D
me too for some reason - and it's going to be a long flight to croatia! yay for anti-anxiety pills.
so here's my number, call me maybe!!
is going to be out of town too, West Virginia visiting family :) Glad to know I'm a gateway drug to get to :)
Just woke up starving!!! I need some good breakfast
Whirlwind couple of weeks. Still completely bummed that my crappy wifi connection ruined shabbat
I'm thankful for every beverage I've almost tipped over but didn't.
DONE Dealing with Mediocrity! From this day forward I will never be taken advantage of again. Giving the Gift of Goodbye to crabs & vampires
Liv of is my favorite. We met during WMC. Really cool girls
when are you out tonight?
Do or die #Lakers so c'mon let's do!!
We are getting geared up to hit Jacskon on Friday, hope ya'll be coming out . . .then playing at home on Saturday at the Maple Leaf!
No problemo, we're on it.
I think it went well, still have to talk to the CFO though. #nervous It only took me like 12 minutes to get home though.
Now I gotta walk to my other sister house and get the key to let myself back in! Ugh
I guess the gist of what I'm trying to say is, don't wait too long for an opportunity that's right in front of you. Death waits for no one.
Fake early deadlines that you kill yourself to meet and then they don't even glance at the piece for days or weeks.
The awkward momment when your tired and can't fall asleep.
can you follow me? because you have too many followers for me to talk to you.
FINALLY FUCKING DONE
My wife loves it too-we just got it framed today to hang in our living room.
remain calm. keep cameras on. twitter doesn't take long.
Finished all my homework, and stuff. #Showerhour c.,
i wanna make my own hashtag. can you do that im gonna try:
Betrail hurts, expecially when it's somone you trust. It just shows that you can only trust yourself.
Hey Lady. I really loved your Bentonville video.
RT The difference between conversation and talk is in conversation, you actually listen. <So true!
Tip from our designer: When designing, don't forget to think of the user!
The #Badgers win! Bring on Ohio State!
Start there and the culture will shift itself. Cars are too expensive to drive and maintain for working poor, so public transit...
happened to me once about 5 yrs ago... that was the last time I got one of those!
What if I gave myself a mohawk for graduation?
My legislators are so confident in their bigotry that they'll freely admit they denied someone a job due to their sexual orientation.
Hey, I watched the trailer for your book. Looks fun!
lol I'll do better next time
Forecast highs looking closer to 53-55 for #mke today. Little warmer west and north of Waukesha in the upper 50s as they get westerly winds.
“: I don't know why my gay boyfriend can't just be my real boyfriend.”
Is it ever really over ...
My one hour delay tomorrow will be spent writing pen pal letters to fourth graders...there is not enough time in one day
LOL. I admire ur prescience. If ur not CRAWLIN back home u should stop by our place on ur way home. Im makin Old Fashioneds.
TY for the RT. Jabari is a solid kid.
Thank you. You're making us blush. Wait until you try the Bromigo, which launches 9/8
You are moving into Marylee's and you get to paint the room?
Watching repeats of :)
Let's kill it tonight #GO!REDWINGS
stank ass people smelling like newports and shit
great! Conversations can happen anywhere. Incredible power
Bitch my tampon lasts longer than your "relationships"
will you please please follow <3
#OccupySupermarkets is a great idea, we need to take a stand against Big Food's toxic products and support local farms
Your sparkling energy draws those things that you desire toward you, and there is nothing at all to push them away.
when are you picking me up?! Lol xD
OHEMGEEEHFBGJUWEGFUWEVBWUQFGBWEUQIFGVB you guys are freaking adorable. <U+2665>
Full af...i think I over ate
ha, thus intesting by logic internet = facebook. and i feel ya' , quess Question is: do 5 or more like google+
im always better without a man at my side.
In examinations the foolish ask questions that the wise cannot answer.
Happy Valentine's Day from everybody at the Daily Grill!
Meeting up with a friend to see Glee 3D today!!!
This Kentucky v Iowa state game is whyd up!
Getting some film developed from a disposable camera! Don't think I've done that since 1994!
lol <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> I can't! Hahaha! I miss you sis!
Love Lady A but what did "If you don't know me by now" have to do with their other songs?
Ceremony dedicating carving of #civilrights icon #RosaParks underway at
where you been bro
Surprised with windows shut and pouring rain, I clearly hear my neighbor sing her lovely rendition of My Humps. Time to blast some tunes.
A night of hot steamy passion sounds nice.
Thanks for taking pics of me (SADIE Director--Nicole Agostino) getting made up for my photo shoot!
Mass invasion of the pitch...
We really appreciate the many businesses, venues, and artists we get to work with everyday!
Hey there. It was nice to meet you (and your friends) this weekend!
You mad my nigga, Shit its hard not too.
i cried wen u got shot on csi......plz follow me
Wow, where have I been? Not on Twitter.
When is happy hour at the S. Philly Cantina?
Hi Eric!
has taught me to #believe in my dreams. one of my dreams is for him to follow me! #neversaynever ;)
Just wanted to say I love your life classes. so helpful! Love the shows on OWN!! You make television that's worth watching!!
I just really need a cheeseburger.
Gnight btw ur grandpa seems like so much fun! Haha tell him i say hi if u read this <U+E328>
It's my day off, so just guessing!
I've always loved this track! “: Rediscovering why my favorite piece to date is "Merry Christmas Mr. Lawrence"”
Ray's is pretty awesome. I will stick to the beginner area for a bit when I go back. It closes for the season April 29th.
Gross neckbeard patches- gone.
Have a great day Trisha- and NO more texting while driving ok? Chef Chuck
hey u happy easter:) miiss ur face
Would u pay a higher price for a service and/or product that comes from a biz that gives exceptional customer service?
Staff photos done. Next phase: world domination.
Really wana go to the gym saturday who up with it ?
It is. “: Macho Men-looking lesbians beat up women. Act like men. So it's baffling. ”
guys! We all are!!
Just because it's Thursday doesn't mean you can't pretend it's Friday! Join us for Napa Hour! 5-7pm
Our sincerest condolences. What a sweet face Cooper had. We're dog lovers, so we totally feel your pain. R.I.P. Cooper.
Re: Weird creepy folks...Lol! This cracks me up!
Casino War? Really? I hope you're at least watching drunk.
The world needs you fellas back.
Attempting to rapidly finish cooking for Sabbath.
and then SeaHawks anr Ravens are the next victims? Sure why not?
If you are not generous with a meager income, you will never be generous with abundance. -Harold Nye Have a good day/evening LPMR.
check out to create your Virtual Tours . Fullscreen unlimited photos, statistics,. Syndication to major sites,more
Thank You! <3 RT : Follow , and , they are awesome and I'll give you a shout-out!!
Thanks for the support
see you there!!!
#fuckyou and the lies you told.!
"I've got a folder full of rejection slips that I keep. Know why? Because those same editors are now calling my agent hoping I'll write a...
"Omg, he is cute" "You think so? "Yeah, but don't tell him.." *Shouting* "HEY YOU! MY FRIEND THINKS YOU'RE CUTE!"
plane is boarding, signing off the interwebz. thanks all for msgs of love & support - they work :-)
Ok, it's booked! Doing anything cool today?!
Not sure if liking a sad facebook status shows support. Or if it makes me like it.
be careful! RT 's 5-dog adventure @ Hampton Inn in Hershey FYI: Hershey devastated by flooding at end of last week
what the FUCK is CJ Watson thinking there
Great morning all! Enjoy this week and no matter what make it a good one!
“: Future of online experiences: customizable, aggregated, relevant, social #idea10”
I know this is going to make me sound like a bitch, but I'm much happier without you! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Getting to write an essay about Jon Stewart and for part one of my take-home final is actually making this a bit enjoyable.
is so mean!
Perfect! RT : YES! RT : will that be the company tag line. ... "we love your lazy ass" ;)
#whenitwascoolsayto say girls rule boys drull!:-)
Let's make that one of many to come. Displaced Brooklynites are hard to come by:-)
Insane in the membrane .... got no brain.
Sorry love, plans already tonight. Summa time Chi is coming so we'll have to make some outdoor dancing plans!! <3
Unfollowing a few people so my Followers and Following add up. I know I am not the only person who does this lol
Because the writer will hate you and the director will hate you. You can't be subtle. Get the lines out.
Don't overlook the search options in the Grades tool. Great way to filter students by score, etc.
I really could use some good news this week. Hashtag wishful thinking.
your in highschool ?
It's FF (FIRST Fridays) in Buffalo-the Christmas Edition. Stop by a WNY gallery tonight (we have almost 200 of them).
RT : has some fantastic reads on display on the 1st floor, right when you walk in, love it!
dance voice and piano
Post-Star is starting a pay wall | All Over Albany
why no pictures today
Oh man, obviously desert tables are what people who live in the desert call dessert tables
Is the rain ever going to stop here in NY??
: RVA restaurant suggestion(s) for dinner for 20 members of Nantucket garden club in mid-April?
me too Olivia!!
this friday coming up..on arlington
New York's hottest club is Veux..this club has everything, pirates doing stand-up,mego's..you know that thing where midgets drive lego cars
My phone's a spazz!
good luck! Have fun
#getbetter at it
you may want to include a line about walking/ standing/ texting in bike lanes. Bike lanes are live traffic lanes too.
Its now bedtime I'm gonna regret staying up this late when. My nephew wakes me up in the morning
I'm finally going to Golden this week I'm sure our circles will sometime cross. Have to see Trinity again cause of your rant
Where did the phrase legggo come from? It's dumb. Legos were a childhood Toy. Let's get real
long day
Thank you!
#ThingsMyExSaid "I don't even talk to her anymore."
why were the mice imprisoned?
Moving in a thunderstorm HAS to be some kind of bad omen.
Beyondthescoreboard.net Report Card why do I class these teams in the position they are in simple it all about matchups.
'I'm an accountant take me away'
I'm lonely. Lol
Give me books, French wine, fruit, fine weather and a little music played out of doors by somebody I do not know. John Keats
5 Reasons QR Code Marketing Is Broken (and How to Fix It)
waiting on u to drop that music
You know it bro!
Open mic auditions were today think I nailed it : D
Very good question and cannot be just anyone (at least for good curation)
Wrapping up grading of a generally pleasing collection of student assignments. Soon I'll reward myself with a glass of wine!
Years ago as I was seekin the Lord, He told me that we'd begun The #GreatestLoveAffair It melted my heart =} Nothin compares 2 Knowin Him
So much house
Bloody Marys and nachos = sunday!!!!! Happy Hour all day!!!!!
Another beautiful day in the big apple! Going to the park today for a walk. #NY Rehearsal for tonight, 9:30 show Metropolitan Room
We're looking forward to attending tomorrow! Will we see you there?
At #RFKstadium running drills w/ the team to get ready for mobile ordering during games. Hotdogs etc delivered to ur seat!
school then the Cortland game then going with Mickala and Danielle bowling....fun day for me today....really need my jamocha shake :)
Consulted with rest of those in my household - not cutting the back yard today
Dame watching the Nightmare Before Christmas lol wondering what Vinny's doing lol i love u
This just in: If the Lakers win tonight, will chop his hair off! Go Kobe! (just for tonight)
The fact that my mom just said my brother is cuter than Justin Bieber <<<<
Lmao you know you a real fan when you play a video game against the team that beat your team and destroy them. I used to do that w/ da lions
It's obvious the does not want the Heat to lose in the first round. This is not sports we are watching.
it's possible! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1> lmao
What's it like being the Associate Editor at ? Did "Parks & Recreation" get Picked up for another Season on NBC?
what a fabulous film and amazing team of the sweetest cast and crew :) :)
We're off to the Federal for dinner before the show, Ryan Roberts Trio with Matt Yeakley.
Noon - 6p at Church rock club tomorrow we will be hosting The End All Marathon, Royal, Late Nite Reading, The Control, The Fifth Minute $15
Follow us! We are here to help.
Bomb Queen cosplay coming via a friends suggestion
hey now!! OHIO!!
#Begginers one of my fav films- If you haven't seen it, trust me you will love it-
I heart Pegasus and writers.
If you don't know who Alex, Robert, Tyler, Zach, Frankie, Dave, Michele, Romo, or Angel are, then please, do not call yourself a Mahomie.
Yesterday is history. Tomorrow is no promise. And today? Today is a gift, that's why we call "present".
yea I haven't been there in years!!
Writing some music
Pennsylvania is fucking hot as hell, oh my god.
Made it 18 mos b4 our first trip to Urgent Care w/ Now we're at Children's for a bump on the head & projectile puke. Cc
And, I really want to see their shipping container satellite libraries for myself someday!
haha good girl
*GASP* You mean social media is not some sort of magic fairy dust for marketers?
Go check out Eden tonight...tell ROSE I sent ya ;)
People who deny evolution never understand what the theory of evolution is.
Thanks so much!
I will put a smile on my face and tell you that I'm happy for you both.
Justice is the constant and perpetual will to allot to every man his due. - Domitus Ulpian
I'm still in bed like I ain't gotta go to work smh
i did
Titanic = Best Movie Ever<3
Remember that post a couple of months ago when I almost ran over Danny glover going to the gym? That was a coincidence - giggle
Great suggestions! One can never have enough wonderful role models!
Just need to type out this freaking rehearsal journal page and print it! Why is this so difficult?
You can sign up with the autism team or set up your own team or fundraising page from the main Dash website
Money Make Her Come
I ain't here for a long time, I'm here for a good time.
you are beau....tiful i <U+2661> you
#MyThoughtsAtSchool When Did She Loose Her Virginity... 'Cause She Ugly
I would drive! I love Publix!
#Top100Lies "she's just a friend, you have nothing to worry about"
U got room left RT : I need sum new ink!!!!! Its gettin nice n i have no new wrk on me
bieber releases his tour dates!
Any "Friends" fans out there? Remember when Ross is obsessed with the word "umami?" Do you know what that means?
You two have a great night! My motorcycle is calling me to take it out in the sunshine!
Almost done with my XSL-FO to make pretty printouts of my #toodledo tasks.
Watched Goodfellas for the first time last night. Holy shit.
follow back
I hope everyone is prepared for an Orioles/Nationals World Series
Cold feet
yeah he does. Fuck you! Its
So you just had to take best son reward and sing amazingly beautiful. With that song you get the reward
Hows everyone's doing? (:
Tomorrow. :D
you're very welcome(:
Thank you. We'll be thinking of you!
mahalo nui 4 follow Author of The Shark Dialogues!!! What an epic and wonderful book I<U+02BB>m a *fan* *fan* *fan*!!!
i was but forgot my password I think I'm learning how this works
This is so stupid!! why say that!?
Dammit. Only getting 200 dollars on my first paycheck. That's nothing. I see why people quit these jobs.
You guys did a great job last night! Now Good luck against PDL!
So true. “: Richardson is in motion...Weeden takes the snap...OH!!! Weeden is sacked!"
"...one last chance is better than none."
And dogs and cats! RT: I'm going to start a social media conference where we talk about the weather and sports.
ALL HIGH SCHOOLS BE READY! THE OMEGA 2010-2011 PEP RALLY TOUR IS COMING THIS AUGUST! JUST BE READY!
It doesn't matter where u r n ur Life, it's INEVITABLE that u'll encounter unconditional #Love... WhatchuGonDo when it comes for YOU????
i think that was the best trailer
RT : Friday night the best party is at !! Mix live See you Tonight Miami !!!
Got an email saying my Diaspora invite was coming soon. Forgot I had even signed up.
*singing* Happy Birthday to you, Happy Birthday to you, Happy Birthday Dear Liz, Happy Birthday to you!
lmao u kno niyah bad anyways... N all she do is pick wit u every time u come around
#chiodos gets Craig back and it trends on Twitter. Never would have imagined. Can't wait.
I will definitely be using this homemade humidification chamber that's being demonstrated at the preservation session.
Saturday nights are a lot cooler with a date. Find your date at mydateishere.com for the cost of one zero penny, aka for FREE!
chillen, gonna be in Orlando on the 7th let's get it
ehhhhh cough cough my vocal chords are dead i need powerade ASAP!
what a wonderful cause... happy to follow!
Happy hour at Office Nomads hosted by ReVision Labs. Then, 500 Days of Summer.
Cheer him on for me!
The Bay Area Princess
This nigga #LavellCrawford to funny. Team not bored just sleepy
What a great day for Haskell grads and Indian Country!
add me please
did roc cute his hair for real
Thanks for the #FF, sweetie. Spread the word!
Love You, Mean it!
These m'fckas kissing,were precious at /:
u can't go in to someone's house & disrespect them. Get ur guy & show respect to the home owners. I respect what u do.
Had a fabulous time in Milwaukee this weekend, what a cool place! Happy to be home & back to my routine, though, after 1.5 weeks of travel.
wrestling isn't just a sport it's a passion! And I'm not a fan of wrastlin'... I watch for skill, technique, and the story
Mostly online learning allows you to access lectures day and night. You can review what you have forgotten or need it brushed up.
NICE RT : My pants are always first to go when I come home.”
TXT ME
True fact: Big Diomede owned by Russia. Little Diomede owned by US. One mile apart. Could walk from one to the other in the winter.
Opening Day Magic: Dodgers Tix Sold Out
4/20.... Bout to go get my nails did, hair did, everything did! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
He gets all the girls! ;)
Played Kid Icarus Uprising demo at #WonderCon. Very cool.
where did u guys get such a great deal?
Thousands of people die a year from Cigarettes. No one dies from smoking weed.
True. I don't know him but he knows ppl I know & I wrote & told him he had a good reputation, he musta thought who the hell is she
I do love me some surprises! Thx babe.
Nothin to do but knock this work week out, really. Let's go
at this rate grienke would have been at 168 in the 6th.
#Movember! #Cleveland Prostate cancer awareness!!!
My life just took a turn for the worst )))):
Hey guys, is Michael Vick a trustworthy option today or would Carson Palmer be a more reliable QB? Thanks as always and Go Pack!
Im out
Ch.9 specific deterrence is a sentencing goal that seeks to prevent an offender in engaging in repeat criminality.
Jeff van Gundy is the definition of a hater
i been here for a min bro
I bet her husband doesn't even want to be here xD
“: love "A Modest Proposal" <3” #thankyou!!!
This game boring lol
can't wait to get my hands on it. Wonderful cover. Great topic.
Uruguay vs Ghana was the most intense match of this World Cup. Ghana missed the penalty though, not much you can do about it.... :[
MR.OMG & LOVERBOI gonna be celebrating their birthday this month!!!! HUGE PARTY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! FOLLOW US
Watchin "Don't trip he aint through with me yet!" On #centric has 3 generations in tears....
Greetings from the Ward 4 town hall meeting! Recommend following for live updates.
Make your own?
can't wait for tomorrow!
Matt<U+2665>FOLLOW ME! Please Mi AMor<U+2665>
If David Stern has anything to do with it, we should see a Lakers vs. Clippers Western Conf Finals. Ratings bonanza.
Nice article on you in this week`s golf issue.
Assumes the asst priest role in charge of sacrifice and donation on the Guitar Gods show until Noon on 91.1 and wtju.net
Jealous that Justin got to see and Ms. Sharon Neal today and I didn't. Wah.
Alf is tired of Willie's brother hanging around, plans to runaway by hitchhiking Claudette Colbert style.
Two years in a row former UW Ath Com staffer is part of game day staff for Super Bowl champ team. should be proud.
I have a feeling I need to start taking them again.
preaching to the choir here, boys. I'm interested in how you make that process more accessible to folks
Everyone is getting engaged so Young! And I'm still single, something is wrong with This picture..
11 can't come fast enough.
W preened in front of a premature "Mission Accomplished" banner. Obama actually got bin Laden & critics whine he's bragging.
Buck needs a 9 panel. Lets guess who refused.
I'll tweet a pic tomorrow. They will be open more. It was a strange mothers day, that's for sure.
He said if I am ever drunk, he will be my designated driver and won't tell my parents :D
Why do pedestrians only get to hug the baseboards of the street? I want to experience the whole room.
Change is a process not an action.
You can go to school for years but the only things you remember are the things you constantly live and use.
Done, Tues evening? I saw the case ingraving, looks awesome!
“: my heart ... I completely broke” what happened? :(
You don't look 15 :o ! You're pretty btw , Lol .
Offering someone food and secretly hoping they don't want it.
I need a copy of gears of war 3 right now. Someone help?
Bless my Daughter, Bless my mother, Bless my father and bless my brother... Last but not least bless the less unfortunate... happy Easter
I took a nap and I feel so good.. Just what I needed <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
Fucking A. Nor does donating sperm make you a father. Takes real men and women to raise kids HAPPY MOTHERS DAY
I dont really care
North of $1,700 for Steelers Super Bowl (XL & XLIII) per ticket; not including travel and costs outside the game).
Yes, I did technically steal an extra coffee when the barista made a mistake. Yes, I am too tired to feel bad about it.
Me & getting on a level lol. Drinkin level though. Its not what we normaly do but like its cool lol I feel good u feel good?
dickheadd, you got them little ass spaghetti strings on your head.
Never come off your thrown to deal with peasants throwing tomatoes.-rev run
Leaned a little to far in while paying at the self-check out at Jewel. It said, "Unexpected item in bagging area." It meant my bulge.
This weeklong stint of slothfulness and gluttony needs to die.
Vincent Voiture~ Fortune is a great deceiver. She sells very dear the things she seems to give us.
well u know I'm all blues and we hate united. Nice FA title title yesterday huh? Next up champions league.
Mondays at 8pm.
deadass when did I say that
mark brown almost just hit two people hahahahahahah
We're getting closer to launching our campaign! Stay tuned! Please RT!
Poster sessions. Madhouse.
Yes, yes. I know. I'll add more carbs in later. Right now keeping it low. Maybe another week or so.
Too much drama and not enough zombie attacks. The Walking Dead issues :/
I apologize for the previous tweet. That was an inappropriate variant spelling of "booty"
“: Jizz!™ would be a great name for an energy drink.” like that idea. you've got spunk, kid.
I just want to see your mom honestly...
Healthy debate between Sen. Kehoe and Assm Nathan Fletcher. #cabudget Crowd is mostly pro #redevelopment so kudos to Kehoe for enduring.
Don't you just hate stuck up people.. get out of your own A#8S! Xx
thanks! Was a lot of fun!
Dont walk away when im talking to yew xoxo
3 things in life when gone never come back: time, words & opportunity. 3 things in life that should never be lost: peace, hope & honesty.
should I go to Hollywood and Highland today at 4? Check out latest tweet.
Good luck with Thrift Store Bounty Hunters. Hope it does great!
yep that's her
oh you are so sweet!!! You are perfect!!
So excited for #eattweet!
So many ex wizards in this clips grizzs game. Can't blame em for leavin doe
Have you attended our bi-weekly user groups? What suggestions do you have for items you'd like to see? tweet @ us & let us know your ideas!
thanks much!! Starting to get up there now....yikes!
Watching Disney movies starting with all the high school musicals <U+2764>
I'm so sick of this. And you don't even care? But I put up with it, wanna know why? Because I can't fucking stop caring, that's why.
Do you do anything fancy to your truck for weddings?
Sundays over already?
( though it was a fun commission I hope I can show you guys soon. Only had time to do line art, wish I coulda colored it)
": He will die for lack of discipline, led astray by his own great folly. -Proverbs 5:23"
What's your impression of Heyneckes? Was v. impressed with Bayern's shape and resilience against Madrid, but league form troubling
Simple tip for improving your real estate photography....point your camera straight, do not point up or down.
It won't be long till the Williamson County fair and you can eat fair food till your heart desires. I can't wait.
I normally wouldn't, but he's a devil, so I feel its ok
Detroit has so many talented people! Why are people sleeping on us!!!!
My big accomplishment today was wearing pants. Laundry be damned.
Fuck you 'Pal'.
is going to 's dinner party fever or no fever. This is largely because I can't get off her sofa in time to avoid the guests.
Good morning tweeps
Don't painfully sore abs make you think 'I must be doing something right?'
followed you back. ^^
that sounds horrible.
sometimes it's hard to remember what happened to me and what i made up
Yes. If you're still upset in the morning you can change it.
damn I wanna skip and listen to it now lmao
Happiness is blackout stout
nice game bro, showin some vision and athleticism
On my way to the Sag-Aftra Rally
Supposed to be 81 degrees around six & a little cloudy so let's hope the whole day stays like this .!
| thanks for the follow Mario!
Thanks Grant for the RT!
The price of inaction is far greater than the cost of making a mistake. - Meister Eckhart
Beach tiñe with the baby and the puppy and others. Whoop whoop!!!!
it's thicker than regular yoghurt and almost as good as Icelandic yoghurt. Try Skyr.
haha yeah. She does scream and talk a lot.
pretty cool so far. Can't wait for dinner and sleep tonight.
The only thing that makes women better than men are their sandwich making skills, and their boobs.
that's what I say!! :) they look cute together! :)
Sharing my love and knowledge of swords with blade wielders on the bus!
My library bought a button maker, and I got to play with it today! We're making custom buttons for summer reading.
I hate waitinq, but for u i'll wait the lonqest b/c babe ik ur worth it<3
...(sweat seeps from my brow as the gun barrell presses my temple)...Kristen Bell.
Beyonce on Giving Birth: I Roller-Set My Hair And Wore Kitten Heels To Hospital
Yay! RT : Taking over this account starting...... Now.
Just figured out that flickr only displays 90 seconds of video uploads. Crap. I was really liking using them. Now they are out.
You're very welcome! That's so nice of you. I hope a fan buys your ticket!
Tragedy strikes - I just broke a full bottle of wine
that's nice of you! <3
Thanxz for Following me ! Much love ma !
In hindsight, I guess I'm grateful for the little water pressure I had in the shower.
RT : My sister is the Best!!! I love her so much. Retweet if you love your sister or brother????// She owe me gum!! Lol
now following (:
Juwana beat her ass,
girl I'm so beat!!
wait...you're a jew?!?! I have to re-think so many things right now.
guess i'll go pick up the laundry. i was hoping jim would be home soon so i could make him do it.
Try the "Submit A Question" feature in the latest Sporting Explore update to have yours included in the in-game trivia during the playoffs!
A coming split between knowledge and degrees?
Where you going?(:
Yeah we're striving but what are we really reaching for?
I'm sexy and I know it. No, you're slutty and you blow it.
- it is a sad state of affirs and just seems to get worse and worse. We need a responsible press. Too bad ours is so pathetic.
We’ve seen the special performance of du Soleil @ #drupa 27 times we still LOVE it! hall 8b Hurry!
Putting her hand in his pocket. "You Don't Know Me" :D
Thank U
And one of them goes to my birth parents.
A4b: It's interesting that there are paid staff to monitor online social interaction of visitors but not so much in physical buildings
Internet issues kept us from tweeting a lot from the exhibits, but we had a fantastic time at #AWP12. Great to see everyone!
Help ensure no one faces breast cancer alone - Join us at our Corporate Breakfast - 11/5/09 @ 8 a.m. @ the Daniels Fund. Call 3033005158
Good Show today
Happy Birthday !!
Headed to the BAY!
Three in a row!
i did
User:HolleyCullins430 - Pinnacle Game Profiler Wiki
: Tell us your location AND describe a woman in history you admire to win!: San Francisco. My woman in history: Marie Curie.
You're all that I'd hoped I'd find, in every single way. And everything I would give, is everything you couldn't take.
Tamar Chansky: How to Overcome Performance Anxiety: Don't Think of It as a Performance: People aren't on the sidelines judging our li...
Damn I'm missing ESPN first take
i am shocked to say whoever this girl is she got Dennis the Menace sprung bahahaha /////
Can't believe the number of students making jokes about the potential gunman on campus
come chill with me n this weekend
so the question is, how much discount from that baseline should this person eat for the privilege of working for the public.
y can't I jus find u..
Congrats on your gig at - LOVE the writer - excited to see it!
This bitch is high af in class Lmfao.
#AIG a good buy? hmm uncle sam getting rid of junk, sure hope that balance sheet is correct
Good Morning Twit World!! What a beautiful day in the neigborhood...w/ the exception of the wind (its a bit windy).
I love these tweets..
Here in Green Bay it was too cloudy to see the silvery supermoon last night but the green and gold today is clear as day.
never count me out. u better count me in
do you think I'm pretty?
in a word: aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaack. Loving it but I miss being able to breathe. How're you, madam?
I love playoff hockey. Go
Leadership is about taking time away from short term needs to focus on long term goals.
how was the shoot?
Movie recommendation is "A Christmas Story"
Man everything gone be alright, really I just have to pray more and read the word more often..
Scary whetstone kids are taking over chipolte!
I AM GOING TO THROW THIS PHONE AGAINST THE WALL!
RYAN TANNEHILL SUCKS for the last time. 6 TD and 12 INT vs. his best competition/best defenses this year: OU, UT, Arkansas and OKST.
what up bf I miss you
Another Beautiful day here in the studio. Making hits. Very blessed to be surrounded by good people
nose :s
It's such a nice day =)
no, it's not related to pinot but it is to Zin.
We have a bat problem in 1442. They are in the rooms.
So bored today like..
I was going to holler at you but my phone don't work worth a crap in the stadium. Looks like we was pretty close together
I'm not jealous here at work or anything! Throw one back for good times sake...
Wht Is A Friend ???
Know what your audience wants
back-ish! i'll still be in and out for a while. but thanks girl! missed you to :)))
Got the free hook Up, from this honeydip #thecodes #thewords #theways ya that me
Who did you vote for 46 Superbowl Sandwich?
When people ask me too many questions, I get extremely irritated.
Totally missed #FF, so we're going with
In the future all medicine will be delivered by balm
Writing today. Editing tonight.
only draft picks
and of course my test positive for lyme had my LLMD'S name so I said no he couldn't see it. He was up to no good.
The Rock-fire Explosion! I would def. recommend watching the documentary on Netflix if you can. Very nostalgic.
: Did you tell her about this? She'll love it. RE: Our sales mgr stood up & said, "That's it! I'm selling this book at Sizzler!"
Damn im not tired one damn bit
It's a classic #DoctorWho kind of day!
diplo all night
yes it is!
haha, I thought of that right after I clicked "tweet"!
At the AMA Cause Conference today, great keynote about #nonprofit storytelling this morning!
Live life. Love and give!
RT : Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently. ~ Henry Ford
Just checked new BIW user stats. Between January and June '11 we've added 10,651 unique new users at an average of 410 per week.
I think there's a law that they have to use that "dude running from a biplane" scene at every #oscars ceremony.
Thank Goodness Its The Day Before Friday B*tches! #TGITDBFB :)
Not even excited about heading to South Beach. Woo...
Dope! RT : Philly! Wanna meet me 2morrow? Hit & tell them u wanna win the YG #TweetAndGreet!
Going to bed. Good night! Turning on my high school musical night light.
Goodnight Mahomies and goodnight <U+2665>
Its December.. why isnt it cold already -.-
been great, have a good balance of work and play too so we're not going crazy haha
“: oh so perfect! Thank you!!! can't wait to snag some great stuff!!! #snapconf” Yay!!
#marriagechat - Hello all!!
It's not that difficult. Don't smoke,avoid alcohol and weight gain. Get adequate nutrition and sleep,relax and enjoy yourself,and Exercise!!
The nerves of some people is comedy #
nope because I wan't to :). The galaxy is a better place without sava the hut!
I'm drinking coffee now, what does that tell you? :)
: Indeed, she is!
I have real life ones, Ive been going out to watch the games, they are all jokes. Me and 1 chick made peace shes cool tho
can you bring me something back from europe?
THIS Sat (12/3) B-Day celebration for us We're kicking off at Shotz off the lobby then in the casino. Come hang out!!
Prescription glasses can make you look smarter, but vomiting due to a headache from wearing glasses you don't need. Makes you look stupid.
#Syracuse was the first 2 seed ever to lose to a 15 seed-- Richmond in 1991
He doesn't. “: And 4 lefties in the bullpen now. If Ohman counts as a major league reliever.”
weird that it didn't tell you it was a draw too..
Big muscles with abs
i wish rappers today could make real music like how it was in the 90s
we'd be honored to throw a retirement dinner !
Why I walk funny: 10% I am injured. 90% I am trying to unstick my balls from my leg.
Student poetry reading starts in 1 hour in our East Rotunda! Refreshments served. Sponsored by UCLA's Journal of the Arts, Westwind.
Sushi @ Wasabi's
2 years in a row we have lossed to Chaminade on my birthday
Being the only person on that stage was good prep for when you are a grown-up academic and have to lecture every week.
I'm not making guitar-shaped cake. Getting from Miss Kari's Bakery in Pewaukee. 's friend. Check out cakes: www.karisbakery.com
ever since i read a book that a clown killed a boy i've been afraid of clowns :( and i was 5 yrs old when i read this
no, but I'll check it out. Thank you!
I know you didn't just call my seed Flugazly?lol. I'll be at your house when you get there!!
On the rooftop of Team 10 Studios doing a photo shoot next to the pool with Atlanta skyline as the backdrop!
thanks for the TQO love, you two.
thats not far from me....enjoy seeing the largest whiskey bottle ever on display. Have a sip for me...lol.
haha I need to try that Method!
I need an easy, delicious dessert to make with a 10 year-old tonight...ideas?
..aww that's real, I miss you to.
Finding old high school CDs in your car is like finding treasure.
2 more days until my vacation starts. I have all of next week to get a Sony Publishing deal or something. I NEED it. Songs are wasting.
People with no sense of humor are the one's living a life full of STRESS.
Why are the Charlotte Bobcats wearing Lakers uniforms?
that would totally happen haha omg itll be a joke
A special Excal Radio Network presentation this week will feature #Wheelock and Daniel #Webster basketball!! 12 pm tipfrom Chestnut Hill!!!
lol my mama tried to tell me to wash the dishes and take out the trash i was like i dont live here no more lol
#norfolkstate say they go shock the world
That's that shit I DON'T LIKE !!!!) Get The Fuck Off My Dick!!!!
I did! Great review. Glad you liked it
Wanted to watch DVD but march madness and season 5 of Doc Martin wins.
lol I'll check it out
i find steps does better while i'm sbing delpo and ivo.
I like these guys who have drawn Finnish flags on their jumpsuits.
Great day to be outside! Sunny and 70's forecasted!
Good morning. Make sure you know what's on your credit report. Go to Annualcreditreport.com for a free credit report once a year.
don't stop Burger Time! That was an awesome game!
"...Morehouse has persevered and excelled." - Willis Sheftall '64, Interim provost and senior vice president for Academic Affairs
well thank ya :) Now I gotta feel for Vinny...look out tomorrow
“: Watching 03 Mules Highlight film... #glory ” one of my favorites. That was a great year!
I haven't gotten 8 hour straight since 2008, i'm at a point where my eyes are twitching. I'm restless.
ok! thats my next pay day -- thats why I choose the date :) I'll remind you.
Family - this is not where everything is perfect, and this is the place where they forgive each other!
Track meet in the mooring I am going to be tired
watching the grizzly man.....this guy is an absolute fucking IDIOT..of course he got killed by a bear
Talk about coming out the woodwork, Jesus!
Thnk God for Danville, IN, and every other place STILL like it in America. Just went 2a live Nativity scene at the UMC & twn Sqr all lit up
#nyc is leveraging in-taxi tv screens to collect data on passenger experience. Modules are short + simple. Great #mrx!
hit up Juan in a Million for breakfast tacos!! That will cure a hangover
Congratulations to and on your key roles in leading the 3rd year Big 10 Pub A's to their first Championship!
I see the AL East and see #redsox and #yankees at the bottom and can't help wonder if this is the beginning of the guard changing
We're glad to hear it! Welcome, and we look forward to working with you!
I can't hardly keep up w. private, business, & soc.media life so here goes...dropping out of Pinterest. YAY!
Three months of live grinding begins today with a WPT prelim at Bellagio. Nothing interesting to say about it. Nothing interesting expected.
I don't feel good AT ALL !
That's basically what they tried to say it was!!
r u upside down in ur pic
Dam it!
Stuller: #MadMen is difficult to watch because of its treatment of women, but it's brilliant for the way its women subtly resist.
Man In The Mirror stopped, Remember The Time begins :D *remembering Iman -_- *got jealous.
At this point, with most returns in, Barrett's margin over Falk is wider in Dane County than it is statewide.
Holiday Financing available if you call today! 877-330-5225
Follow Your 2012 will appreciate their tweets
I'm happy I get to call YOU my boyfriend(:
RT : & will be at #Swingfestevents Miami in October. Looking forward to helping people know their #HIV status
I'm tryin to get a hold of Kirby!! How bad does it need touched up bro? It was pretty vibrant last time I saw it..
…so that's why the rooster wakes up yelling everyday
Thank you...and you as well.
Love the glasses on Gary Oldman! (And Alexandra looks stunning!)
of course! :) we have 19 of them so I'll let you know when a good match-up at home comes along :D
Did Obama just make the election a single-issue contest? Bigots, please step to the right.
That "one side" just wants Obama to fight for what he stood for during his election.
#Success doesn't come to you, you go to it. - Marva Collins
LALakers losing vs. the Thunders...LA were really better b4
Da week-end with so many things 2do.Adidas store here I come buy 1 get NEthing else in the store 50%off,saw run'n shoes $10/dang Imma getem
The way you see them is the way you treat them and the way you treat them is the way they often become. Zig Ziglar
Home of the Future - Home Fuel Cell - residential fuel cells
Check out the Mad Rollin' Dolls roller derby tonight at the Alliant Energy Center!
Instead of listing ideas on flip chart, can cut and paste chats into Word doc to save
Bout time too lay des joints down
I dont get it... The average person wants to be single but at the same time have that significant other. Is that natural human traits.
I'm excited for conditioning tomorrow :)
WOW. Apple could buy every MLB, NFL, NHL and NBA franchise and still have $25 billion in cash leftover. That puts it in perspective..
watching UVM on TRUtv! Go cats go!
JJ is throwing not pitching
A excellent lunch meeting today with Charlotte City Councilman James Mitchell about the Space Museum project. Great insight and interest.
Might go home after lunch . . . #Debating ..
I aint with the bull , so this aint bull - you a weeenie I bet youu be layin on your meat !
that gives me the opposite affect... ;-)
County attorney said Reno officials have refused to give county info on SAFER Grant. City says it's not public document until award is final
To paraphrase St. Paul, 'you don't want to spend your life in the basics of the faith; get them mastered and move on.'
The Batgirl signal.
You're a modern household!
Reader Travelogue: Cultures, religions clash, blend in vibrant Holy Land - Memphis Commercial Appeal
whatever lol. It's alright I was pretty tired to. Even though I didn't work.
Looking forward to Bike to Work Day tomorrow! My commute will be 18.4 miles. Anyone else headed through the WO&D Herndon stop?
fml i cant never meet cody
Do you think they are also going to sing the Candian National Anthem?
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort. <-- The TRUTH !
Don't let this cold weather hold u down. Warmth is just around the corner. Get a head start on summer and get motivated!! Don't wait!
Ugh i dont want my dad to get surgery:'(
Teaser: Check the blog Monday morning for a giveaway from You could win one of six $25 gift cards or a jacket :)
Nice to be back in the land of Enchantment. Happy Monday everyone! from
I see!! Lol I'm driving to long beach tomorrow
Have you released more tix for Saturday? Would love to join my friends who got lucky so I can enjoy too & blog about it!
As contributors to social media, it is our responsibility to protect the reputations of our friends. Be careful what you post.
I wonder if any if the folks who are so sure that the Anthony broad is guilty have ever sat on a jury. Who cares?
has the BEST swag bag!! Can't wait 4 tomorrow!
We were checking out a friend's event on another ticket service today, and noticed the service offers to email forgotten passwords.
Sweet beard, Kyle.
you don't have to thank me your fire!!! ;-) so thank you!!!
I have the perfect song for you, the lyrics and arrangement are Ridiculous!!!
Hope you all have a good night, because we've been writing for the last five hours (with an occasional Taco Bell break here and there lol)
Thank you Jeffrey Deitch for stopping by the gallery!! Very cool guy.
In all seriousness, would prob go to #orioles game tomorrow if it weren't for the walk-up charge. Not going cuz of it
yes! I was in 7th grade... I know awkward stage and all... But still.
Thank you.
not much just chillin
done and done.
: Central Texas Shootout Austin, Pearland, Duncanville, Milwaukee Wisconsin. Those are ours upcoming tourneys.
Had a Nice Day Today. Idk Why It Seem Like I Only Get On Twitter At Night.
When I'm low he take me high
": Most of my ex's are mixed." Hm. So thts watchu like huh.? Lemme b ur nxt then. (: lol
So glad it's Small Business Saturday! Wanna jump start the economy? Shop small businesses today and everyday.
We have a great Pulse class going on right now! Feeling the burn at Romney #Pilates!
always makes my day!
You know you're a music nerd when: your doodle turns out to be the circle of fifths.
def drunk tweeting going on here...
Oh dear, my Omer counting has gotten mixed up. Help me out? Today is still Tiferet w/in Tiferet? Tonight we move to Netzach in Tiferet?
Someday everything will all make perfect sense.
Fowler Athletics Center. Suite 1010
Turn lights off overnight
Not going to school tomorrow and spending the day with my chunky niece, brother &sister-in-law at the hospital instead. :)
what time does the party start ? Lol
No appointments available for today & Thursday. Any openings due to cancellations will be posted here.
i was supposed to go con tu sabes. : ( I'm sure you'll have fun though. Sounds up your alley.
On my way to.columbus baby
My neighbors would kindly like you to box out so I quit yelling at you to box out.
let's hope they don't find your Twitter!
Happy Birthday!!
brittany it isn't far omg x)
I saw that earlier this week. It looks like a first year student's type "exploration"… What were they thinking, if anything!?
*tickle RT : I love when people play with my back. :)
I am inspired. To go watch TV and sleep.
I want to say today couldn't possibly get worse, but I fear what might happen.
Yes, the title belt makes you less of a failure, Mr. Storm. Nevermind the fact that you look like Buckle from
ya man! he has, its good for him
You'd think this lack of winter would bring a decrease in everything you touch shocking you. You'd be wrong.
7:30. But I'll be arriving around noon too. Down to 5.5 hours now.
Give 'em all As and hurry over here.
#ff some of my favorites
No it's not.
u to koo
Anyone get out on the #OakLeafTrail the last couple days? It's my favorite.
Lev is what many quote whn rallying against homosexuals, when in actuality most don't follow all rules of Lev.
I hear is great with balls, too. cc
Eating pancakes right now
Nice day to skate in AZ!
I understand that she will be free to do whatever she wants to do. I can't be upset with the Jury. She has a Judgment Day.
Just watched High School Musical. "Waiting to Exhale" is on deck. Make it a #Netflix nite
Go pray RT : I am wide awake and have not a clue what to do with myself since my homework is done...(for the night)
#marathon training cancelled for tomorrow due to ice and cold temperatures. i am not sure to be happy or disappointed?
If you could give me one good reason why I would trade Josh Hamilton away, you got him, otherwise stop offering trades for him. I'm not dumb
But remember, PIZZA FRIDAY's during the season is what David runs and patrols
and thank YOU for hosting!
#followmerebecca!! please i love your songs and your an insparation!!
I signed the petition. But what about the loans the govern has sold or will be selling to private companies. I'm still screwed?
Why? It's not like you wash it when you get home.
Let us know if they help - or if they don't. That's our purpose for being here!
I'm headed there too! Whee!
on tumblr xP
Cardio & abs #getit then some posing & tilapia for good measure
I love hearing from long lost friends. Even if they write a total of ten or so words.
That's cool!
as long as no one touches my Kyu bb I'm good
RT: His mind seemed blown about the concept. “: Eric Cantor not jazzed about bringing manufacturing jobs back to USA. #lightenuppal”
If you read one book every 3 yrs like me, this wouldn't be such a big issue #ImOnTwitterNow!
And that's the sound of Glenn Grothman being pulled from the most powerful committee in WI Legis.
Florida Panthers 1999-2000 playoff team: Where are they now? - Miami Herald Found on Bing
Come get your tools sharpened at SE Tool Library and support the library until 2 today. Corner of SE 28 Pl. & Harrison.
Bob Arum has a gigantic tongue and it makes it hard for him to talk.
This is a little late but i hope everyone is watching the VMA's there Totally #GRANDNESS!!! ~Alexis Kay Fusco
There is more than one?
Holy freaking crap I'm so tired ;____; working is HARD!
Leslie Stern on description: "you have to be faithful & unfaithful to the object."
Thank you, Doctor!
Good Morning Tweets!!!
so cute! Want it ASAP
I'm so into this visual #musicstyle map! you can just pass the mouse over the styles + it will play some cool audio mp3's...
Getting ready to present 19 posters at #ARVO11 down in Ft. Lauderdale on May 1st!
RT : I am who I am. Who I am is me.
#OscarsRedCarpetLiveSpecial makes me want to cut my hair off!!! Ah!!!
RT Nothing more fun than a morning talking about Elizabeth Edwards Foundation & getting enthusiastic responses!
Thanks for coming out to NOTworking continued!
life Just sent you a direct message. It's not spam: I promise! ;)
Watch Kimbriell Kelly today at Noon on WPWR talk to parents about Autism
what you doing after school
Tonight at the Neptune, my love affair with #BrianJonestownMassacre continues. Oh yeah, we go way back.
I'm brain fucked you were right
na he's good can't hate on the person u love
That's how we feel :) RT Group-sing is a little too cultish for me. I much prefer group-think.
On #MothersDay pause to say a prayer for all those who would be #mothers but for the horror of
An official PUBLISHED poet #yeeee'buddie
give us a follow back so you can direct message us your address so we can get you your #BallSoHard gear
wrestling coach at the high school I used to work for used them, but he cut them up so the boys wouldn't know what they were!
oh, my! Joshua Ledet is what this world needs #idol Epic.
The day is a lot better with caffeine. Glad to have a tolerance again!
Shower time
If ur looking for a new blog that will make you literally LOL then make sure to check out Absolutely hilarious!
I didn't get a chance 2 c it. Had 2 post bail 4 friend
Just try using #twitter today. #football #signingday #guys have it locked up. LOL #politics to
what u got goin on today
This is a mean, f*****g cruel world & I want my nappy & medication right now!
Totally just blew my husbands mind by singing along and air guitaring master of reality in its entirety.
American Pie is an even better song when you're listening to it while driving a Chevy! :)
#ImHappyWhen when ur happy & of course when I shop!
really? how?
lmaoo so this Dick is still perfect !
Glad to hear Diamond visited you. That's progress! Now I can breathe easier. Worried Mom you know :)
RT "the wisdom of a man will light his face". king salomon. proverbs
why does my tuesday have a case of the mondays?
thank you! :)
Q: What store do you usually do the most shopping at when you visit Charlottesville Fashion Square?
I know I want to watch it again too.
Good morning mi gente what's in the agenda today
I wouldn't be able to get through it without your support, thank you!
you can get a description of it, how to cook it, and order it here: www.westcoastscrapple.com
RIGHT RIGHT. SO HOW ARE YOU?.
obviously cigarette breath! ....we like coffee breath!
Yep!! Try living here!! Sucks!!
Wow! My neighbor kinda scares me<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Customer Testimonal from 12-28-11 Luke Miller is haven "Smokin Good BBq" for dinner.... o god its so good!!!
u say fans r not crazy there mindless,I say fans not stalkers there google experts. It's not there fault google knows all<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
I'm slightly embarrassed by how much I like "Payphone."
have you sent the webcam yet?, I've emailed you my address :)
Welcome to the team! : Starting next Sunday May 14th, I will be hosting on in Denver!!!
good ima check yo fat ass too!
Every experiences has it up & down in life just like every cause has it effect 2 every action has its own reaction w\o any translation
I had no idea either, apparently they announced it in Feb. Only found out because my friend posted a menu pic that said goodbye.
Mayweather won. I'm happy now.
I guess it turns out that missing work sometimes really is in an email that disappeared.But I reflected, and I'm still OK with my stern tone
is there an email I can write you guys to?
Why do some people go out of there way to make someones life hell? Pisses me off.
negative, i have both friends and family visiting this weekend. what's the topic?
yeah, when i dont have so much homework and sleep to catch up on.
thanks for the follow!
it struck a chord with me on a blog post I'm working on for Similar theme .. Real life comes first.
doing crosswords and wishing wells on chippewa.. know your self? a new beloved? thanks wishing well!
Today, fans wwe I wanted to tell the sad news wwe diva Maryse fired,
Hahahaha just lying in wait, ready to pounce
*Wave back* hey!
Learn the art of appreciation. You might already possess what you're in search of
is it normal for your eyelid to bled?
What would begin to happen if we actively nurtured the relationships between the people in our lives? Stage 3 to Stage 4
Wonder is the beginning of wisdom.
- OMG...we're leaving for Vegas in 9 hours.. ;)
I know you are jealous! You working today?
Not at Microsoft anymore, at a startup company called WebServius (API management infrastruct. as a service), it's still very small
Graduation day!
Have to listen to 's "Black Devils" again. That joint is so hard body!
Turns out is doing Code Year too! It's an IncrediBull race to be the best coder in the office!
Those Occupy LA folks are pretty amazing.
So damn true! RT Appreciate what you HAVE before it becomes what you HAD.
lucky wen I was there I didn't see anyone lol
GUYS! can someone tell me who Justin is talking about? When he was pissed earlier
A Global Assault On Religious Liberty - AINA (press release)
Wow, so many great people to follow. Looking forward to
Easter services today across 5 states! centralonline.tv for locations & service times #hoperising Happy Easter!
hey its carey minaj and you have a blazin profile pic and im single and you sexy so hit me up:-) :-)
Off to the airport!
Your work is meaningful. BUT If times are tough-don't lose heart. Your work is not who you are. Your work is only what you do.
Bus packed this morning. Welcome back #uwmadison students!
Best Friends Forever <3
I havnt peed in the longest time !! :O
Be Here Now.
no thank you! Enough with the talent shows !
best music to workout to
Thank you and :)
Justin Bieber Helps Ryan Seacrest Make The Most Viral Video Ever - Idolator: All About The Music
9 minutes between Blue line trains during rush hour. WTF?
i do think Cody should pick us up and bring us to his concert...i don't think it would be too hard..
Me too! :-) Thanks for sharing!
We can hardly wait :) September is one of my most favorite months here on the island, lots-o-sun & trade winds
followed me. holy shit. my life is complete. (:
Don't fuck up your future , by worrying about your pass
actually that's a good point… it's weird though that the system didn't let me buy 2 at once since they weren't "together"?
You bet. They are a lot of fun.
I'll fix up when back in the vice on Monday! Thanks! Cheers!
oh darn, I was hoping to be the one learning from the experienced folks :)
heard doors slamming then a cat crying as if it got murdered outside I'm scared I dnt know wat to do go see wat happened or stay
"did you just home?" lmao yeah you caught me~~
Well, I've definitely reached my caricature quota for the week. And for my life.
Looks like today is going to be a beautiful day!
Certain shit I'm not a glutton for, for every bad bitch theres a nigga tired of fuckin her.
YAY, going to see 3D when my dad gets back! So cool....and THAT will give me good dreams
ima real nigga, point blank period
Graduation night and I stayed in ... Smh
I'm like two blogs behind! Should finish one about my show on Saturday, tomorrow tho.
Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring.
thanks so much :)
Ok, Coach Jack, enlighten me with your football prowess? Rice dropped my hot pocket during prep.
I have a new cubicle neighbor who is typing really loudly and listening to music over speakers instead of headphones, great...
Thanks. Yes it's far, but not for love.
heyy.. I hope you have a good day mahomie!#yee I <3 you....
yupp that jimmy D cracka is wild
You can't be serious?
My mentions right now tho <<<<<
yeah go check out his YouTube videos!
some people miss the boat on humorRT Madonna sucks her thumb and hasn't missed any "boat" in life. You should reconsider your logic
#NOIData - Bill Russell: Target to make campaign more efficient, inexpensive, and effective
amen Kim! So lame.
That makes me both happy and a little sad.
true everywhere I go I see people have an iPhone even I have one
hahahah thank you! miss ya uzzi! <3 hope things are good
Selena's sister died, her parents divorced and she gets sick hate everyday, yet she always has a smile on her face. SelenaG Is Flawless
Emo hair everywhere today. China town has be taken over by a army of fall out boys!
Need to be on the beach already! #onemoreweek<3
Might be getting a regular job and not really sure how I feel about that.
Last night on Inside the NBA Shaq and Sir Charles backed up all of my claims about Blake Griffin. I'm not crazy, he's not that good.
that would have been pretty funny though.
just watched Kung Fu Panda 2. it was really cute
Launching a New 21 Day Fat Loss Boot Camp soon! Get fit before the Holidays so that You Can really enjoy them!
You gotta fill that FF Galactus story.
UK didn't.
Should've went to chubbs to at least see if anybody was out there, still got time but idk
loved how Bree ended coming to louisville
#ThingsEveryoneCanRelateTo hitting the snooze button a few times
4 shows down, 3 to go! Lets hope that can do a great job now carrying the torch!
oh cuz i have a friend who would like to talk to him for encouragement in her life her name is kaeley so if u talk to him
It strikes me as funny that I long to be a book snob and read book club reads but I need my book club to force me to read them.
double rainbow outside!
well it's likee messages from other people, so it's not me hahaa. but thanks (:
Hey - how is Pinnacle? If I get an "all clear" from ortho tomorrow I wanna join.
I Notice A Lot Of People Like Their Chicken Fried Hard (PAUSE)
WE CRAZY DANCING TO FREEK AND LEEK LOL U GUYS SHOULD WATCH ITT
“: Bagels and Lox?” Absolutely. Tell'em to go easy on the capers though.
Who thinks the Nuggs gonna complete the upset tonight?
you don't need to get me NOTHIN ;-)
One tip for first time car buyers ...if the car aint a quarter of one of ya paychecks..don't get it!
i've been in my bed since 1pm i havent gotten up literally at all except for food is this what it feels like to be obese?
30 days until our hospitality suite will open for our 50th appearance at the Final Five. Go Jollymen !!
i won't give up on you... i promise..
Just got finished watching In Time. Probably my new favorite movie!
me and my dog play tag around the house c:
SKorean retailers halt sales of US beef
What she order? Fish fillet ;) lol
hi Beth just wanted to say I love you you are amazing and I wish I were as strong as you you are a role model
If I wasnt with my dad earlier I woulda been like where my money bitch. Lucky it's only 5, puto.
Aww Thts so sadd. :( I'll say a prayer the little baby.
It's been far too long, ! #goblue. : It's finally here...GameDay.
take the time you have to be with the people you care about. You never really know how much time you'll have together...
l want 50+ retweets on something!
It is too cold in NYC, us Florida men are not built for this.
we don't congratulate anything that happens in Cleveland! cmon man...
Yea it was real cool..
Limed up a summer weekends job that starts in late April. At least I now have a cushion.
#fridayreads Zazen by I can get behind a book that references a character as Big Old Cheese Eater When She's Not Around.
Tune in at 7 to win tickets to and this Friday
She down to ride and deserves a boss who down to provide_
Dana Zimbric of Classics 4 Kids and the California Chamber Orchestra has been named associate conductor of San Diego's Orchestra Nova.
what I do?
You know your Austin coffeeshops. Hehehe.
Woke up to a couple of messages that read "Thank You Prince Charming" I think I drank myself into a monarchy last night.
gotcha. I loved playing on all-girls club teams, the support between teams was amazing, especially for the younger girls.
thanks for posting this vid Dudley, ur jmz and random vids are great they make us fans feel a part of the team!
practice what you preach!
Forgot the game was on television out of market tonight. Still listening to & Dave though.
So im back in La Crosse for my grandparents 60th wedding anniversary. Tonight we're having an impromptu dinner. This should be interesting.
so true. I'm aquarius and i enjoy spending money
Show your comic card to Mark or your server and receive a free appetizer with the purchase of your lunch.
China is a big country, inhabited by many Chinese. ~ Charles De Gaulle
Wether blue ivy looks like Beyonce and Jay-z or not, she will always be theirs And enjoy their hard work!
check out "Through This Song" by Brotherofman (wait for the kicking harmonica solo!!!!!!!!!!!!!)
: Looping in and on these plans!!
Seamus On A Hot Car Roof
the Cubs have the largest following in MLB. Their fans are everywhere.
Just back from Everest and Annapurna base camps. Have great articles and pictures ready to go. How can I work with you guys?
RT : Thank you NV! Our message of crushing the poor & middle class continues to resonate through the west WTF
a ya jajajajajajajajaa
Hope all of our #finalfour friends are enjoying our beautiful #nola weather this weekend.
Chocolate milk for the boy, new glarus raspberry tart for dad. Cheers & happy new year!
Great insights from caller Jeremy with ideas of revamping the tax system in the US. Do you think he's on the right track? 317-736-0950
It's like wicked dark down there. You can't see a thing
Can you all follow . That's my personal account! :)
Tijuan shut up thats why u gotta stand on a stool to kiss a girl lol
I love Bob Dylan.
Mashup. Music without commercial interruption. Take that, Youtube.
I lasted 19 days w/o getting on Twitter
nice team defense by
Ok i'll get it<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> *goes in face first* RT : I just lost a quarter in my boobs <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> I really can't find this bitch!!
I missed the "s" in what's #DontJudgeMe I've been up working since 8pm
Im craving my bed lol <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0087>
Co-youth Mayor Cecilia Thompson indicates that her position will not be "misused or abused." Ethics-from the mouth of babes! Outstanding!
old lady told me she was getting a mammogram today. how was your morning?
Whats up man!
how about you just shut the hell up and leave my best friend alone.. that would be fan-fucking-tastic. duece.
"I have a life outside of basketball." -Brittney Griner
Apparently spicy mexican food and celery smell like 's BO......
Oh dearest yoga how I have missed you! Awesome, sweaty class with Deborah at !
Took me an hour but I finished my first paragraph LOL
That depends. Did you wave your hand at them and repeat your request?
“: Ah” what's with all the yelling? Ha
LOL!! Look...He listens. I know this. :)
sad stuff!
My heart is crying, my face is smiling, the world just can't see my tears, but they are there.
Pirates never check voicemail either?
If it was a I really want to take this gotta go - I get that but a I have to take some frivolous tells me I'm not valuable.
“: "What you've been through is a great indication of who you're called to be." ”
Fifth Suggestion, Work on spending at least thirty minutes catching up on the days' goings on and let her talk you listen.
30 min run w/sprints <U+2611>.
SOPA looks pretty dead at this point. Are all the planned website blackout protests even necessary anymore?
Thanks for the tweet and link yesterday!
my reaction is "stop using Flash to produce these features since I can't view them on my iPad."
- Daragh, A very belated "Thank You" for the #FF last week.
sounds like a damn good time
Aoki's first MLB home run traveled an estimated 213 feet. That's gotta be the shortest first HR ever, no? #brewers #stats #twitterbinge 8/24
No one wake me up!!!! Need to sleep then working out like an animal tmm
After hearing Britney Griner's voice, she might be a man
The ONLY person I have to be better than is the person I was yesterday!!
LAKERS! We pulled it off!!! (We have a lot of work if were gonna beat OKC) GO LAKERS!!!
Using my 2,8O2 Tweet to Say !!!! Goodnight Tweeps ^.^
I saw this quote today and it completely rings true: Common sense is so rare it should be considered a superpower.
Proud of my boy for keeping the Buckeyes together. Your true character as a leader shows up when adversity sets in!!!
you first tho ;)
I like me some penis. Haha im totally joking.
eyes set to kill <3
I have never wanted something to end so bad in my life! You & Have a happy Easter =D
Also joining us today to talk about Bealefeld tenure: Baltimore Councilman Nick Mosby
That sounds fun! Is this an annual mixer you hold to starting ramping up for the Festival?
Good Morning! The place to improve the world is first in one's own heart and head and hands.-Robert M. Persig Enjoy your day!
No act of kindness, however small, is ever wasted. -Aesop
You want beer. You know you do! Stop on by for $8 Schlitz & 1/2 price appetizers STAT, sweet thang!
Another goal for today: share best practices.
Concert tonight. Work tomorrow morning. Hangover number 1,273, I'll see you soon.
Had a pretty crazy double feature tonight, The Receptionist and Rise of the Numberless. I liked...one of them a lot.
Goodnight.I love you,even if you don't see this Tweet,just remember I'll always be here for you<3
So back on a plane to San Diego then Sydney, Australia... Got the Mayor of LA talking about my story he want me in LA! :)
LOL SHE SAID I SHOULD BE FRONTIER AIRLINES NEXT ANIMAL
“: We love Chicago's growing craft beer scene. If you can it, we'll carry it! We proudly carry Finch's Cut Throat,.
Share your files, photos and videos...
This is me, this you, what the problem? ha?.
About 4 minutes...some Be Curly, Confixor, scrunching and I am out the door.
Whenever you would like feel free to contact us & we'll call you at a time that works for you
Fun indeed! Good find!
The holiday season is fast approaching! My hubby always gets me wonderful gifts, but what's the worst gift you ever got?
#SDblackout #sdoutage Staying @ the SD Marriott by the harbor, need food! What's open in downtown SD?
Finally got around to completing 3's single-player campaign and damn, was it worth it. Keep up the stellar work #DICE!
Did you see The Kills last night at the ? Stellar, right?!
He is carefully watching its every move and keeping as still as possible incase it attacks!
We'll be looking forward to it!
Shout out to 1996 and Laura Linney in Primal Fear. Look into it again if you had forgotten
SF users. Anyone near Hana Zen? If so take a quick pic of the rest. & upload to Easy way to make some extra cash.
Um does he have beads in his hair?... Is he 30?
although these taking books are fantastic, they've got some puzzling things. like saying a guy's job was "Penobscot"
let me know if you need a makeup artist...
I know. I'm very slap dash with my tweets.
I don't know but I want some!
The boyz are gonna delete ! ;(
Gooodmorning world :) hope everyone has a great day'
At Odd Fellows with a hood book, happy sigh..
Teaching, teaching and more teaching
tell me what you like yeah tell me what you dont
Melting faces tonight in Mounds View, MN
I'm officially in the smallest hotel room EVER. Like, smaller than my office; maybe even my bathroom
yeah! Those Arkansas girls!
Rest with the Wild Things, Maurice Sendak.
Thx for any RT! to perform stunning "All About the Women" concert at , Fri 4/20 at 8pm! Must see!
Through sin and self destruction
always a good sign when #GOP frontrunner says Deep South is "an away game"
Aaawwww. Thanks honey.
exciting news! we need more details!!
"Divide and rule, the politician cries; unite and lead, is watchword of the wise." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
that's awesome! No intl. travel at this time, but check our website for updates :)
Happy birthday, Lucien Carr!
#onceyougetmarried you cant look at other hot gujys...thtz why im not married...cuz im too young ehl -oh-ehl
Im kicking the cold turkey.....
Hello Twitter, we are Reveal Concepts and we want to make your business boom and your sales go through the roof.
is ashamed ofall the beers I drank but then I think about the workers in the brewery and their dreams
Friday was Friday, saturday was Saturday, Sunday is championship Sunday. 3 weekends in a row in the championship game(:
Sorry for my endless angry and unfunny tweets. I get mad when we lose. Apologizes.
look in those trash bags.
good job drita now u just need to sing with pitbull :)
I hate knowing you crushin on someone , && you want them ....but cant get them b/c they so dumb NOT to notice a good thing
I am working on way too many art projects..I'm going crazy..time to take a break.
Twitter is proof that you're never too old to have "imaginary friends."
Hollis Thompson will enter the NBA Draft and plans to sign with an agent. In other words, there's no coming back
why not? LOL
Your hands are vehicles of contamination. #don'touchme
I believe was a HS WR. But I bet dude could have been UCLAs QB if he wanted.
what you said
wtf jessica what kind of sick person do u think i am?1?! i bought him at that san ganero
So happy the won #SuperBowl 46. Who knew one second could pack that much tension?! Great ending against the New England Patriots!
Best way to lose thanksgiving weight gain? Dancing to December 2nd at the Magic Stik
WE ARE UP TO 230 LETTERS!!! Please keep them coming!!
sounds good, if anything, FRIDAY!
Philly fans would clap when an opposing player goes down! N boo him when he gets back up! Keep it classy Philadelphia!
Might be a good thing. =weight loss
Yes! RT #ifttt: a tool to generate automated tweets based on keywords, topics, etc. GREAT! #SMSS12 #social media
Tito y su Son de Cuba at Yoshi's Oakland Saturday August 6 8pm!
I'm drinking an English #beer, London Pride, for St. Patrick's Day. Is that a problem? Can't we all just get along?
I want a drink :)
How the hell do you get out of the "BUILD" menu in Empires and Allies?!
The Divorce rate is higher that ther Marriage rate that's why many couples keep thier name!!
Uh oh spaghetti oh
Thanks for following! We are lovers of all those same places :) I grew up in Almaden! Looking forward to connecting.
plays tomorrow, Sat Feb 4 at Club Garibaldi. Len Kasper rocks out with Your Indentured Servants to open!
Also bumped into coach Crean who says Friday's rematch against Kentucky will be "an epic night"
Heavy rains means heavy logs floating down my river. Not sculler-friendly in the least. I need to move...
the process is more about who is wrong instead of who is right
« love you miss you» Aww, thanks! Love and miss u 2! Catch up later today?
But there's MORE than just Mona. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
#heatnation we have the confidence to face any team in the league right now.
my pleasure
"We Miss You" still makes me cry.
HP&#39;s beta cloud service to begin in May; Zenith launches TigerCloud
Welcome to the Twitterverse.
just want to put it out there, if your not following me I will be deleting you so I can follow those who me......
CANT WAIT !! Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST ! I love you kidrauhl !! #swag 72
Looks like fun!
on #journals: inefficient distribution, stodgy in content, time consuming to manage
successful date nite with !! ;) ;)
Just be still with me, you wouldn't believe what I've been through.
yeah but we should always be disgusted by it. This was a Wednesday night in April, not 4th of July.
So, Twitterpeeps. Any thoughts/advice on scoring a #library #PR job via social media? I'm about to graduate w/ my #MLIS & am on the market!
fsho... holla when you in town.
Late to the party I know, but thought you did a wonderful job in Young Adult!
Hey , #UWMPantherVision won itself an Emmy last night!!
Super excited for game 3
That's dirty. Perv.
do I sense sarcasm or the tone of a true journalist?
no problem man I hope it works out.
those are fantastic!
Wasn't there one on advertising/marketing? I think I need to read that.
Elevator Cusack. Better than elevator muzak?
I cannot say it enough; how lucky I feel to work with students, empower & energize them for their careers. THEY inspire ME!
my stupid question of the day... what's the email address I send my info to, to join this fan club of yours?!? ;-)
Get in line, sister RT I'm in love with Anderson Cooper.
#eatingfries #drinkingDrPepper at McDonalds... what a great start to the week! (:
My stomach is starting to hurt because I've had the hiccups for like 10 minutes. The paaiinnn
Hello cold and rainy DC
setting up physical display space for dml creations - wonder if we will get people who are confident enough to ask to display
That feeling when you are sitting down to an exam and your thought is, "Whoops, should have learned this..."
all your tweets about are mezmerising me!
That looked like the bad news bears.
“: Heros eventually die. #CyHi” Heroes eventually die horoscopes often lie "Y" nothin is for sure nothin lasts forever
I liked the Blonde roast a lot. What do you think?
I'd be a great law-talking guy!
April fools girl lmao i'm sorry
James Nikon>James Canon
On bus reading redeye..just saw World Blood Donor Day is Sunday. www.lifesouce.org. I am going to find a location to donate!
Please welcome nofacenocase42 to the Max life
Eminem is the best rapper. Period. Fight us about it. Go.
I go back to the doctor tomorrow... Maybe I will be in the clear soon.
And by #mpls, I mean anywhere outside the metro... I know it's too bright there. I'm by Waverly now.
Snow fallin on the streets of manhattan... Must be
Knowing that you've completely moved on from someone is a great feeling. (:
Go to my house & wake up pls! its important!
I Cried When I watched Titanic 3D
Have you ever been bullied? Yes I have I'm still being bullied and that's the reason for the cuts
Just had a nice flip-off sesh with another driver. That's my yoga.
Too funny! As long as we don't have to hear Mitt "harmonize."
See what happens when you fuck around.
At the for the Monkeyville Appreciation Breakfast. Thank you :-) & CMHOF
nah. I considered it a Sunday best behavior ep.
Favorite Chilorio's salsa: We want to know!
I will come by soon to have my Chicken empanadas RT Always Dan!
I'm so excited to write this paper, I'm shivering. Oh wait, that might be the red bull.
Tomorrow, I think I'm going to recap the Brewers game by using as many words beginning with "s" as I can.
Here, I see it more from faculty, when they put "no Wikipedia" warnings in assignments
That does not mean that I am not hurting the next day. I can barely walk most of the time.
Why don't you like your coach?
“: is my new favorite country artist #voiceofanangel #addicted” well ain't that sweet
I would love too
~Feeling amazing at almost 8 months preggars!! Excited for the arrival of our new lil man!
#JustRead RT : Very cool. I also read Patricia Smith's Shoulda Been Savannah.
I'm glad we could be a part of what sounds like a pretty great day! --Minus the sad hand... :( Feel better!
Easter is here and I am forgiven. But have a feeling like I am going to need more then that soon. It is good He is here.
thanks for the mention!
I hope the afterlife is less like the Belmont El platform than I fear it will be.
Pat Nixon, U.S. Pres. Nixon's wife, broke a longstanding dress code among first ladies when she became the first to wear pants in public.
Am I the only one that didn't go see the midnight showing of the Avengers? :(
can't wait I'll the Dictator comes out <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Tell me what it is that you plan to do w/your one wild&precious life. A ship is safe in port but that is not what ships are for-Mary Oliver
2 Pac Life Goes On
Its almost a way of purging your mind . So the dreams can flow in :)
Diane keaton on colbert was without a doubt one of the wierdest interviews I've ever seen
burned 165 calories doing 30 minutes of "Walking, 3.0 mph, mod. pace, walking dog"
You think you know someone, till they screw you over...
« Some things will never change.»
Have you seen our new CartoBlast and CartoJet units?
Think one "good feeling" thought today and see where it takes you!
Thank you for all of your #FF's during my absence!
Great having World Champion Kick boxer & momma in the house today! They are busy, but still make time!
May 1st @ 7:30PM (PST) LIVE STREAM ON FOX SPORTS:: National All-Stars vs. American All-Stars. For more info, visit www.hsaaa-classic.com
If you have a 2gb plan on your iphone/android/Bb for AT&T. Text me up so I can hook you up with an extra GB a month :) 7863747465
Big ups to the WizardCon organizers for inviting me to their series of conventions! I am flattered & honored- see u @ PhillyWizardCon soon!
Take A Shot For Me .
when deflating an air mattress, it's helpful to have a heavier friend act like a rolling pin
wedding and softball this weekend, quince, a concert and irish fest next weekend. I'm a buzy bee bzz
The babe finally went two sleep.! Now im up by myself... Pretty soon my lil one qone be wakinq up so I needa try n qet some sleep
Who's at Ohio Stadium right now?!
U already kno
Doing commercial today in New Joysee... Gotta smile pwitty...
Michael Phillips regales with story of being in first high school production of "Follies." Can you imagine? At Engine28 meeting.
back to front
you wish ;)
...and the Monday tweet of appreciation goes out to General Manager Davis Wellington I (and his whole team) at
it looked like a shooters gym lol.
#Publican house made charcuterie is amazing. Cheers to #Cosmo. Love the morteau #sausage. Head cheese also wasn't afraid.
#Drew don't stop singing. You're amazing & incredible. I can't imagine what you're feeling. Keep singing #Skyscraper <3 <3
"falling into place" is a good bullseye to aim for, methinks.
Ran the toughest 2 miles in the Santa Monica Mountains - the Luna Loop!
“: I dislike blurry Twitter pics....in fact I dislike any blurry pic” seriously... Why even bother having a pic. Lol
Last showing of A Raisin In The Sun -- in Juneau Alaska!
#afpmeet Congrats to Denny Sanford #afpihq AFP 2012 Philanthropist of the year from #VOA especially his fans in South Dakota
ask if she's on twitter! “: on the same bathroom schedule as woman in my office. We've run out of awkward chatter, now what?”
": Thanks people for the support," Ill be coming out Thurs. Good to see so much support on the road.
that is def good to know hehe
Follow this upcoming SUPERSTAR
I want a mango smoothie from mc donalds
If you sent request for an #iPad-sorry we have not responded yet. 100s have emailed. We are looking for more funding. Will update you soon
But I still put money in it every month but cut back last year b/c I thought the run up was over. 401ks leave us no options...
Also: Hawaii
Great question! For curious homeowners, can you elaborate on the differences?
when is she moving in?
I have to admit idk any off these dudes drafted besides the qbs
Don't feel good. Gonna stay home and do some missing work....
My mom can never see me happy , smhh !
Just licked a spoon from the sink covered in my dogs canned food that looked really good before putting it into my mouth...yum!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B4><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Our tutors are available for in-home tutoring throughout the Atlanta area, including Auburn, Granite Bay, El Dorado Hills, Shingle...
today... tweaking film script, learning perl, updating weather genie, preparing an ipad photo app demo for major interview tomorrow
#DidYouKnow 99% of all personal watercraft sold today are multi-passenger vessels...info via
Just volunteered to perform during Thanksgiving dinner at the Nashville Union Rescue Mission! Yay!
I've never loved you more.
Stressed out. Who's got stress relief tips?
MobilityWorks Expands to Twenty Locations in Twelve States with ...
On a side note, that was the first email I received from twitter with their new @ reply notifications!
Not sure when to cheer. On one hand, I really wanna touch the luxurious On the other hand, I really don't wanna get murdered.
Thanks to SOC 201 for sharing their Health Disparities Digital Stories Presentations with us. Love the music!
Japan's scandal-hit Olympus to launch new medical devices
Cinco de Mayo, Kentucky Derby, IIHF World #CAN v #USA and the #CAPS v #Rangers #StanleyCup playoffs! Lots to celebrate today!
#ThingsThatGetYouFriendZoned ypu never let her use the good controller
FSU Rugby going in today at Battlefield Park in Mobile, Bama for the SIRC Semi-Finals and a chance at winning it all!!
We slow sometimes... but THANKS!!
Tomorrow is graduation day at ! I can't believe I'll be a puppy preschool graduate! I'm a little nervous for this big day. Any tips?:)
Gosh why is 2013 so far away? D: I get to see my future husband :p
disagree with the article... what is left to say? Let it pass for the present. Fickell's silence is a good thing
And my ass needs to be sleep...z
...how many times have u listened to that recording(;
GETTING ON A JET PLANE...IN MY MIND... ...
just posted it~~
Dear idiot bicyclists: traffic laws apply to you.
Lombardi has Drama Desk, Drama League & Outer Critics Circle noms. Sat. "Coach" called a pick at NFL Draft. The audience diversity continues
all we can say is wow!!! Beautiful!
reading about making money.
Sleepy goodnight
I bet it'll be dope. Instagram that shit when you're done!
Great weekend! Sold out shows (and great audiences!) for SUGAR BEAN SISTERS Fri/Sat nights, and film UrFRENZ is headed to another festival!
Thanks Willie! One day of #JazzFest down and six more to go!!
To succeed, one must be creative and persistent
We love James Maslow is trending... Like it!
My page was hacked Follow my new name
Avengers at 4. YES!
The world lost a great visionary... R.I.P. Steve Jobs
I'll be in Minnesota in 14!
game on my friend. I may see you in SF this weekend. RT : Blessed morning
#FF because i feel like he will become famous one day <3
RT : 24 hours more, you can pick up the new Lady Gaga iOKi Karaoke App for the after Thanksgiving sale price of just $2.99!
GC Tip: If the onsite manager says it's ok, take pics/video to send to us after your events!
trying to figure out twitter is like reading hebrew. confusing.
You betcha baby!!
its #official you are not wrapped tight LMAO! I just spit out my food laughing at your tweet!
#WhatYouSaid I know what I want, Id prolly get it right now if i could.
yummy..nothing like the smell of spilled pepto
what's good?!?! Cali's good, but only 7 weeks left out here. Can't wait to move home!! How've you been?
When I miss that special someone <
Ahh, I knew I should have gone to Central Park today. Maybe I would have seen Taylor Swift. Darn
Guys, the Spurs shots aren't falling, what do we do?
thank you all for the suggestions - i'll start going through the options!
I feel like I work for Crazy Ernie's used car emporium
Take care of the earth and she will take care of you..
Also, now pretty sure that is the Rajah of RegEx.
Looks like it's not going to be a quiet Rosh Hoshanah this year. It was nice while it lasted. Shalom Alechaim! Yehi Ratson
THE VOICE FINALE IS TONIGHT.
This is going to be hype baby!! Can't wait!!
totally insipred by awesome #WEAmericas women entrepreneurs, great discussion around social media for business
Congrats on the Jackpot! Who was dealing? Now maybe the lists won't be so long there.
Thx for the follow! Have a great weekend!
it will never happen again. That's all
Normal day in Santa Ana: Woman walking with a see-through top. Can totally see her...... too bad she was old and fugly
Happy #Easter everyone!
Check out our executive chef ZACHARY ROSEN on fox 6 wakeup this morning!
When i fall asleep in class, i twitch, and then wake myself up thinking i just fell off a bridge :O
I know. This clip had me at George Carlin, Super 8mm, juxtaposed with high contrast black and white. Good work never goes out
1 hour drive and flight is delayed!
RT : thx for the RTs of the travel insurance...
Hiking The High Line « Stories My Suitcase Could Tell
RIP Steve Jobs. apple.com
Oh yes, that is aggravating too!
STACK BANANA TILL THE MORNING COME.
Happy Holidays, everyone at HQ!
Well south Florida, it's been fun but it's time to get back to Orlando.
I swear to god I'm fucking chezzed
A friend of mine just lost her father to cancer. So sad. :(
katherine vocelka tweeting during school? what has the world come to?!
I use twitter 4 advertising our clients products and it works. Just cause it's free doesn't make it bad.
Having a Hedricks cocktail in celebration. Couldn't be happier right now!
I REALLY wanna go to Vegas
Abbotsford (Testwuide) swept Milwaukee to advance to the Western Conference Semis.
One of my pet doves died today, and I miss him terribly.
Awe did we miss your birthday? Happy belated!
so maybe there is one to filter out Coldplayish-ness (lame joke)
Live steam and chat at 2:30 today with Congressman Mike Coffman. We will post a link later this afternoon. Join us and ask a question.
Asthma has been kicking in lately. Hate it.
Watching school us on the proper ways to use NSURLConnection… including the deprecated stuff
Strong 2012 NFL Draft Class Shows Michigan State Spartans Football is Gaining Respect
Hair dye attempt #2. :)
Joan Rivers looks like Michael Jackson.
PickUpLine: I am a magical being, take off your bra
Lmaooo so true!!
If we changed our name (slightly) would you still love us?
Yeah, for sure. Rain is coming. Our biggest threat for severe weather is tomorrow.
Most communities have hundreds to thousands of members, but SocialEngine has been used for millions of members!
Politics is the theater of the absurd
Wilson pump-faked and had Draymond Green trapped mid-air as Wilson stepped forward to knock that one down.
"Do what you love in service of people who love what you do" ~
I don't get it what is with all the extra stuff in peoples tweets?
any time, buddy.
Omg. 2day is so hot outside.
Dammit, I thought today would be the first day that my twitter wasn't overloaded with dick.
he replied and followed to me the other night there! Congratulations! :p hehe
Just saw the cutest twin baby girls at the mall!! Wonder if they were identical??!!
Excellent dinner tonight at Bistro Vendome. Big endorsement for #ASTD2012 attendees!
I feel your pain. Google Docs looks to me like they had a blind monkey design the interface.
Excellent. The service was quick, the pizza was delicious, & the atmosphere was welcoming. I'd say that's a good formula.
I totally dressed wrong for the weather today -.-t
It is oddly satisfying to be working on an excel spreadsheet, while listening to my itunes:-)
hey thanks Chris!
Pres is a hot mess!!
It's #FirstFriday. Come to and hang out to the sounds of DJ LadyFingers.
On a webinar with the United States Department of Labor's Employment and Training Administration for SGA/DF PY-11-03 Panel Orientation
The library will be closing in 30 minutes. Everyone have a great Derby weekend!
make sure I get front row seating for that show! Haha
Jesus... is God holding our hand & leading us home... He has made it so much easier for us to find our way back to Eden.
i just know all this stuff bryan is saying is a lie, he's going to the concert with sammy ! lol she wouldnt take anyone
Hello Twitter
Thin line between love and hate, friends and snakes...
Hi there! Do you have a website we can check out?
your not alone cuz
Have a great Easter Sunday Everyone! It looks to be a pretty nice day. www.darlingtoncc.com
if you Do follow me I will follow you ...
oy same here. :(
It's like Movin mountains....
Thank you for all you do, and keep us in mind if you are looking for publicity.
Time to make the donutes - or perhaps get up - go to work - and make a differrence! Go get em! and ...skip the donuts!
little harsh?
Yes! Organic, artisanal, microbrewed teaching. I'm making my business cards RIGHT NOW.
can you say tht in american
The best and most beautiful things in this world cannot be seen or even heard, but must be felt with the heart.
RT : Sad to learn of Carl Beane's passing. He was one of my favorite parts of going to a Red Sox game. May he rest in peace.
Oh, I want to see that!!!!
Fool just tried a twista song at karaoke. Can't suck harder than that.
your mom is the cutest thing!!!!
Areas around bus/mass transit stations.
this is one of the best things ever :')
Invisible Hand meets its "maker" sometimes known as "its hometown" big slimy ruckus tonight at The Southern 9-ish AAAIIITTTEEE!!!
Late reply, i found the cover hilarious. Not that i was expecting an opus to transcend pop music. but real talk, shit sucks.
that was a great dinner!
uuuughh....that's disappointing to hear
: Thanks for the RT!
I wish I knew. We couldn't connect tonight to save our lives.
Considering they did in the neighborhood of a $18 billion media buy, I'd say thats a decent ROI.
I agree with this Melia! Booty if you don't put yourself first they'll walk all over you. New year = foot down :)
Now, I'm watching Scrubs. HaHa. So funny!
Chris Dede #eli2012 current model is to "sprinkle frosting of active learning on a cake of presentational learning"
Might not be the best approach for us if we are seeking to win our game in life or this week
Yeah, I spoke w/the accountant this morning and she advised me of the same thing.
Alex Arzu will be showing some pieces at a benefit art show tomorrow Nov. 22 at Zanzibar 5pm-9pm.
the ghetto way of saying gunna ;P
I want to float in a Lazy River.
Rove orchestrated this whole thing. Cain is a goner. Another woman now coming forward after media outed her.
yea the earbuds wit the red wires.
never mind, i see your avi .
Thanks for the exposure for !
and at the rbc?!! Watched part of it there yesterday! Wish I could join you!
it is kind of your fault..... :P
why they be on that. I swear Cheryl, my momma, be hitting me. I b like wtf lady
Your love is my drug <3
#10thingsaboutme; #8. i have a dog that i love more than anything in the world, shes turning 13 years old, shes older than me:(
hey what up anna :)
I stopped reading homeless people's cardboard signs I just hand them money and send them with the prayer
Packed for the SLB Executive Committee Meeting. lets go
Just looking at a book about #ledzeppelin - if i ever managed a rock band I'd insist on #doubleguitars all round.
Advice from Olympic Athlete, Joanna Hayes at #upstream2012: set short goals. Advice we all can use :)
Hold up today's Mothers Day can y'all motherless hoes stfu! please and thanks lol
Last day of work at the library!
Whether you know it or not, people are searching for you! If they don't find you, they WILL find your competition! Embrace
ah, late to this but i have something to add: HIGH-HEELED SHOES
jazzy adjective jazzy music has a strong lively beat, like jazz
Happy to report I made it through my doctor checkup without him finding out what I do bad ... safe for nother 6 mos ...
I went back in last night, they turned me away. Woke up this morning and it was still acting up. Finally they replaced it!
i think they r all really talented
“: ": Lifeguard exam was easy!" Told you lol”
AnnMarie (the Dog lady) is coming sunday for a home visit and then comes the pup!!!
your dibs were about 20 mins too late. next time! i hope you still find a way to go!!
How do you mend a broken heart?
Lakers Heat would have better storylines. Historic storylines. Kobe vs LBJ is a lot more enticing than LBJ Durant
as promised, two new interviews up today! one in 30, and one later today. amazing bands you won't wanna miss.
Hiking and camping Little Harbor on Catalina Island this weekend for my birthday. Friday morning can't come quickly enough! Can't wait!
I drove 45 min to hear the trombone player, I heard he is a prodigy
Lets get it RT : And I need some wreckless ass fun in my life.
They have already met before.RT Hey, did make the trip & have a chance to visit w/ ??
I'm disappointed the Beach Boys didn't sing "Moves Like Jagger". That's my jam!
#SometimesYouHaveTo ...do wrong for the right reasons
Satrapi: "I have a problem w/ the Internet... makes world a small village - everyone sees if you have a finger in your nose." [rolls eyes]
oh mau, i FUCKING love you <U+E412><U+E106><U+E418><U+E022>
Aww, thanks for the shout out. You're the best.
please please follow me (: I love you <3
that's just the Dark Lord being himself, welcome to the Dark side
say hi to chuck for me. Am so glad its u and not me.
Plz answer back:))
The Heat might as well use Battier to double-team someone. It's not like it would make any difference if he just left Melo wide open.
Music in the parking lot of a shopping mall is seriously the most annoying thing and stupid idea ever.
Isn't it funny when people say they're #Tatted_Up with only one or two #tattoos lol
Have u ever been misunderstood, misrepresented, misinterpreted? Jesus is every day. Don't take my word -or anyone else's. Find out yourself!
congrats “: Can't believe we will be 3 in July....”
#TacoBellTrafficTracker at the #TacoBell 5604 Cameron Road 5-6pm today!!! I have some movie passes
#UFC TONIGHT WHOOP!
I am officially homeless Twitter world. Couch hopping, here I come.
Who else is up for an #ArrestedDevelopment marathon on Netsux? I'm kind of excited for the new episodes...
I can't sleep because my room for the first time ever decided to be hot -____-
hello twitter how are u all ????? ^_<3
Important #EdcampDetroit information. Parking in Structure 2 is $5 and credit card only. Please share with others.
pedal pedal pedal
You don't realize how much you miss someone until they are gone
Updating our facebook, artslant, blog, etc to add new #artservicesguild member David Adler (Art Gallery Services) to profiles...
Did you know? The city of Kaplan is referred to as "The Most Cajun place on earth".
Why am I not surprised that Theo Bos caused the crash today.
thanks for the RT!
Hm.. decisions, decisions. Cinco de Mayo and Kentucky Derby this wkend - what's your preference ... Mint Julep or Margarita?
Doing things you don't notice your doing <
I think and born to be rappers..
followed by satan
ah hell nah you should of won album of the year Blake!
Freddie Mac names former E*Trade chief as new CEO
RT Diamond Fact: Diamond crystals are brought closer to the earth<U+0092>s surface through volcanic activity. |
My single "Hemophobia" will no longer be available for purchase after June 12, 2011. So if you want it, buy it now!
That makes sense, as I believe that I work across the street from
Huh, did I miss an announcement on this? RT I think the MCLA is taking over tourney streaming.
Come down to the Moore Building in the design district tonight to the girls night out event provided by Sheckys! Shop and drink :-)
#dear14yearoldself you are currently 14 & your eating Ramon noodles so be good and stay cool.
yes, it does. I hope you and yours are staying strong.
Is goin to the Dbacks Game
I think I'm going to spell 'naive' with the umlaut over the i for now on, because the unaccented spelling doesn't make any sense, sorry.
I know what you mean
Dear Mom , you are my bestfriend , even though we have your differences , I can tell you anything . <3 I love you madre <3
if they do then I'm gonna be like aye listen hear sour ass people somethings needs to change here you may not notice it cause
Ottawa Senators, DC United, and Chivas Regal Alliance?
thanks man
Chicken Wings and Fries... for dinner
A clean Ruby is a happy DeAnn.
Yeah this Friday! Tickets are $25.
RT : Don't miss this! #DWTS Finale Party May 22nd at with and
Thank you to all the activist across California for making ACLU of CA lobby day such a success!
IM GOOD WHERE CAN I RUN INTO U AT THIS WEEK
got a very cryptic robocall: "Are you aware of the tea parties happening across the country on Wednesday?" click.
Today we lost one the greatest female vocalists of all time, rip Whitney Houston, thoughts and prayers go out to your family.
's quince with <3
Come to think of it... Part of me does not like he is sharing all of this info
“: You guys got any on funny on field stories?”yea. TJ got kicked in his balls. And then punked out
Proud To Be Haitian. #Always <U+2764>
Open word document, type name, hour break.
I was not trying to shade Rih, I actually felt that WHYB was going to be bigger than WFL. Excuse me for liking the song.
screw that. I still want one :)
bestie I missed you! Hope you're doing great!
So Time magazine has a cover of a child sucking on a tit covered in mystery white powder? Oh wait, getting my stories mixed.
One game at a time re: Fleury, but if he does keep up this higher level of play, the #Flyers and #Pens are going 7
The Hummer limo is really the douche bag chariot.
Think you've eaten at Key's? Now try it with Foursquare! Discounted drinks and apps? Indeed! Check in early & often to get in on the deals!
It's DAY TWO of the biggest Beach Bash in Wrigleyville! Shipwrecked at the CMC $25 OPEN Bar & Food Buffet 3-7PM during Lake View Music Fest!
I just came to say "hello!"
A must for coaches and Thanks for free tips
Up early getting it done. It's not even 10a and I'm already tired!
awww merde, would have loved to bump into you again...perhaps next year! I'll be tweeting/posting/instagraming a ton!
i wanna be in new york so bad for some reason. Oh yeah...ITS SUNDAY AND THEY DONT SELL ALCOHOL ON SUNDAYS IN ARKANSAS!
#Replace1DSongsWithPaul Stole my Paul :)
Oh no! That's terrible!!!
at least we know now where all the celebs stay in NYC :)
Double duh! RT Gay people should be allowed to marry. Duh.
sure :D
I love the Lake for swimming! But I'm a wimp under 60 degrees. These guys, , are in there all year!
Recently found & finally other directioners from new York!
Hoping that my cold subsides some for tomorrow! Want to be able to taste some beers!
…Have spent 10min trying to capture my overall feelings on the women-in-tech-meets-exclusionary-BS thing. Net: It's complicated.
You think the state of California will come after hologram Tupac for that $2 mil in back taxes?
go see my latest #WhatToExpectMovie in theaters this fri!!!
BALLOON BAZOOKAS AND WATER BALLOON LAUNCHERS are here only at FLIPCUPS.com. WHY SHOP ANYWHERE ELSE????????
See you soon!!
u got it mama.
It sucks when you sleep from noon to 9 pm...
“It is only when we no longer compulsively need someone that we can have a real relationship with them.” -Anthony Storr
shooting today. party time.
Ladies Rock Camp 2011 dates are official!: February 19- 21(President's Day weekend) School. more info: girlsrockcampaustin.org.
It'd violate contract with Hillyer Art Space to set up a Slip N' Slide on 5/5. Per se. But it'll be...comparable.
Weird! I thought I did!
TbxWknd in Hamburg next month, UK sometimes if I'm lucky. Rio-Lisbon has got to be one long flight! Enjoy!!
So who will we see rockin' out with us tomorrow night?
Just watched #sourcecode - great movie, worth watching...
Too desperate? : (
Project Jamaica, Queens lives.
Another item on #CV council agenda: increasing 389-unit Olympic Pointe condo project by 38 units and 1.2 acres.
Yes. Everyone who is tweeting is using
I'll never keep a secret and ill never tell a lie - babyface
Hey , we'd love to talk to you all about an upcoming arts event in D.C. What's the best way to get in touch?
My speakers in my room hit so hard it shakes stuff in the garage :D
love you too
Hope you had fun judging this week with the MAO!
*Happy Birthday to the 41P.O.A.D! We may be far away but you'll always be here in my heart. Love you guys so much! Muah*
1 hour delay tomorrow :)
Have you looked at Letterpop? Haven't used it, but bookmarked it as a possibility.
Oh man, you're tellin' me. I think I'm in the teens somewhere.
Thanks for the follow! Being a Veterans wife I am proud to be followed by you!
I knew Ivy had the ring!
It's great having the NFL back.
Nah, I'm sure that was the real Tupac that was recorded from an old performance. That's what I read. Tripped me out.
get it girl!!
yooooooo Alex! you are so reem. (that's English slang for cool ;) ) x
Cool. My mom still isn't letting me drive. Why is she being tht bxtch?¿
So even having a good idea among the people, lacking awareness of how things are done, sets us up 4 continual cycle of going nowhere.
I think you're a great writer and editor. Explaining a thought accurately, briefly, and with a sense of humor is underrated
Is asking herself how she could get to follow her...
Are you doing a budget for the holidays? Increase it & enter to win here...
so true! Isn't life just like that? Why must it be this way?! ;) haha
tired of school
Ready to be in someone studio
I don't know. My granny is too busy running her mouth to get home from church. :|
********CHECK OUT OUR WEBSITE WWW.NEWMEXICOGUNS.WEBS.COM NM GUNS-THE ONE STOP SHOP FOR EVERYTHING YOU NEED!
I am so excited for Sister Wives!!!
love your twitter photo. Awfully intimidating to see the hooded sweatshirt. Watch yourself!
i love that the window is clearly visible behind her.
A friend of mine will be running #mkelfmarathon tied to 70 other runners as a fund raiser for Jenny Crain 'Make it happen' foundation.
Awesome! A big hello back to my friends at Crocker Farms.
Hey what an amazing job #recycling an old warehouse into a 600sq ft break room. That could easily be #repurposed space to live!
The Cody Jasper Band can not wait to play in Austin! When they come through drop in say WASSSUUPP!
Forever being a
just watched "i saw the devil"... way too gory O_O
Happy mothers day mommy <3
It's better to be honest and lose a sale than lie to get one.
meet someone new then you get attached...
The E Street Band’s Clarence Clemons would have turned 70 today. Maybe he’s playing a gig in the sky…
what up hotness...thanks 4 always showing me luv...
I don't think I'm doing it right.
it was good and I had my victory beer and my victory vodka and my victory wine :^D now time for a victory detox
French Toast ...Its what's for dinner
There is some irony in seeing people tweet advice they should listen to themselves!! I swear I was just about to tell you the same thing!
EMS are like rock stars here with their flashing lights and free stickers. But it'll only last until the firefighters show up, they say.
Prosecutor Dave Chapman moved to rears during close argument at trial
You want us to make that ass clap too ? lol
.. I changed this pic like a week and a half/ 2 weeks ago. Your behind brah
My cat Chase has run run away and not come home in about a week. I miss him so much. I hope wherever he is he is ok.
You are correct. Both were awesome!! Crimson Pride! “: fans and Pep Band rocked the house tonight!! #pioneerspirit”
welcome too twit world ;)
Getting ready to launch the most amazing business in January. It will be a world changing event resulting in a major shift in global power
With the hoopla surrounding Army-Navy, AFA sometimes seems like an afterthought. Not as much if all the games are on CBS.
Doing very well, busy. Trying to build up my Followers - most are still from
Thanks for the tweet my sweet.
I want to go! #MATAFestival - Apr 17-20 includes performances by QNG - Quartet New Generation, , ,
Trying (desperately) to figure out how to sign up for your San Francisco event this Saturday!
Georgia SB 414 has officially passed!
Pray For my Lil Bro Javon Man ...
Did you know you can follow on twitter as well ?
Sure I don't like Fanny Pak as much as others crews, but I'm not saying they are not good dancers. I still respect them for dancing good ok.
Smart. London to get Europe’s biggest ever Wi-Fi zone for Olympics. Allows fans to engage on social media & check-in services.
RT : Here's a strategy: be a human. Post a lot when U can. Don't when U can't. B nice. Don't just toot yr own horn. /endstrategy
Mahalo to everyone who came out to support us at the air permit hearing last night, together we can build a better future
my. eye. hurts.
Word play
Tx for ur RT about this morning's #DesignBizChat 10 am ET - all abt Collaboration-how 2 create it, dos/don'ts, benefits/downsides
tell your mom I said happy birthday!!
Yep. There was bipartisan opposition to Bernie Sander's proposal that would have simply raised the cap to fix SS.
Will do! Thanks for the offer! -brian
Join us today, 5-8pm, as we tend bar Prize wheel with goodies to win! Sexy beardos getting you drunk!
think that's why it's kept by water !
Shaving and re-growing our beards for jokes
Erica did, & course work went quickly but dissertation has taken a while - but that's life, kid, work, move, etc.
you forgot NYC !
RPC ain't my first choice, but for cross-service chatter there's something to be said for the efficiencies.
we appreciate ya bro!! :]
Did everyone have a great weekend?
nope but I wish I was :)
#MBYUNO follow me
Been writing a couple of articles as I get the chance to. Will be done w/ them soon & will post. Need to add to & edit them a bit. Later!
the audience would be anyone visiting the collection on the website. General public to researchers to students to scholars.
Hey, if you have a few, please DM. Have two high profile Ora BD projects that need ML tech imput this week.
Its not a party if pants are involved.
How was Cursive?
Is there some magical place where #medlibs put their survey instruments?
Pointcast or it didn't happen
Missed the work-study window. To seminar or not to seminar? How to raise extra $400 in 3 weeks? Any ideas?
Determining legitimacy of authority requires an education of the truth; this is a natural right to all members of mankind
Shame about the shelving. But the collaboration is priceless.
Hello Happy Monday.
Zimmermann again pitches into the 7th, gives up 3 earned and takes another loss. Run support?!?!
I continue to be amazed by what is building. They're leapfrogging NFC payments in a big way.
Just watched #Contagion and now I flinch every time I touch my face. Thanks a lot soderberg
All Them Albums In My Picture I'LL Fuck A Bitch 2 Yep Even .#ItsProblemsHoe .#HoeGoHam .
i highly recommend the aligator. Although, i would suggest getting them at Barney's Boathouse in Scottsdale
That video is so long!!!
This museum has variety of different exhibitions from dinosaur remains to to many kinds of beautiful gems left by kings and queens.
who is it going to be?
when ur only lighter isn't working
hi Bonnie, yes it's Michigan. I double checked the report to be sure:)
Big congratulation on your victory bro!
#HipHopEd () ...Paolo/San/Problematizin' America's meritocracy/and pointin' out the lies in Brazil's racial democracy
you forget that for at least another 6 months the loop contingent counts as 'work people' for me
It was the best of times, it was the worst of times...
You'll regret it in the morning...
John D. is piercing all day until 9pm! Come on down for all your piercing needs! Also Aaron Campbell has time for tattoo consultations!
or the outcast.
RT For the $120 million spent on a piece of artwork, 175,188 children could have gotten food stamps for a year.
coming son...very soon!
Good Morning!! Blessed to see another day....
Only 4 days till Christmas! Foamily has Griffin Longboards and more for $100 off normal price...amazing Christmas present.
you are wearing a canadian tux today...ew
we were. Now we're being good parents and tracking the boy down for documents.
I can't RT because your tweets are private :)
Today is so wack
I think I'm gonna take a break from twitter, Facebook, Kik, skype, everything...... :/
sick set, wow!!!
Just like that System of a Down song, I'm eating seeds as a pass-time activity...
No, but I had two margaritas and the hunger games book. And now I'm at the Ace hotel for dinner.
#jaffacakes cake or biscuit?
Lol I <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D> that lol RT : If I need some I get the real thing lol u a mess!!!!
Beckham! He's doing it.
Maybe since I'm so unprepared I'll get a 100
It seems like you're ready
Weekend, I'm so happy you are near.
RT "You just can't beat the person who won't give up." - Babe Ruth
#pnba our #kickstarter & indie publishing panel w/ & Tim LaBarge starts in 30 minutes!
good to see boat humor is still appreciated. Didn't want to cause any waves.
seems like only yesterday...I think you should finish ALL of your books (and articles and blog posts) in Aspen! I'll help.
As in, "this place is full of FOADs."
Right on!
Hey and will one of you pick up some caviar for the pre-party and after-party? I have everything else covered.
Thanks to a wonderful trio of guest speakers last night: Stephen Marinaccio, Ron Frankel & Bill Dance. You gave us all a lot to think about.
#ReasonsThatImSIngle Because i am waiting for Marriage. #read Genesis 2:24
Thanks for following! Let us know if there is anything we can do for you.
Can you please tell me how you got so many people following. My shuts down at 2,000. Please help! Thanks Ellen
I'm sick of rude comments (#rush limbaugh), tired of negative ads, and thoroughly disgusted with hypocrits. Be civil. Be positive. Be real!
who we playing in the final?:o
Damn...u kno that feelin u get after u smash on some good food...I'm talkin bout that #itis...its gotta hold of ya boi
The past is a lot like a shadow on the ground behind you. Just because you can't see it doesn't mean it's not still there.
RT : Another trend for fall: military. Maybe inspired by Milan's menswear? Check out & for inspiration
Dadeosss coming home today finally! :D i want another hug.
she much prettier and cooler then you super cool. my sister friend said this to some chick
Camps looking for US staff...contact us. We can help.
24 S01 E06: After taking heroin, getting crowbarred and being hit by a car, homegirl is officially dead via being choked around the
im here
our Germack java choice today was also Quad Americano. whew! Go Red Wings!
May the Lord our God watch over thee until we meet again.
I agree. Much easier to control.
been much in touch..i've been dealing with alot...your gigs and the album trackswe have heard were both AMAZING, WONDERFUL.
I'm jelouse of all these girls with good relationships with good people. Cause its just not happening for me.
Two weeks till i see my brother again :)
How did the CORPSES fare in the rain? Underground Theater presents ATTACK OF THE ROTTING CORPSES
Yup, you can either laugh or cry right?! Hang in there!
need to start getting Christmas gifts tomorrow..5th Avenue watch out ;)
Duh. I never questioned that. Whore. RT endorse this idea.
Ever feel like your family is a little messed up? watc the wonderful whites of west virginia on netflix and you'll get over it
There are some girls on this train whose outfits Claire Huxtable most definitely would not tolerate.
It's madness! (And not the good kind.)
Aight u a social maven...and it did take two straight days of badgering to get u on the platform.
Listening to Doyle Bramhall Fitchburg Street CD and celebrating a great artists music. What soul!! RIP Doyle.
It's going to be 80°! Hell yeah I'm going to play golf!
Wildlife illustrator & state treasure, Bill Zimmerman passes He illustrated “The Birds of Indiana” and many other books. He will be missed.
AT&T says I am eligible for upgrade!!! Can't wait for iPhone 5 to launch at WWDC next month. Hopefully Apple won't delay it.
thanks for reading and for the RT
I'm bouta cook
Ugh he get on my nerves
No, I was just reading the #DCision12 feed. Not sure how that got tweeted. I'm still ballot petition free and lovin it :)
Just heard DanceOn CEO interviewed as part of the new YouTube channels. Awesome stuff!
I wish you could annotate slides in Keynote. Time to find a solution stat!
So much planned to accomplish this summer, so little time! What do you plan to do this summer?
Does your organization's vision align with it's mission? With the stated values?
oh.. Idk then, those wristbands are in very high demand!
Good Morning, Lube Nation! We're already thinking about dinner. Happy All You Can Eat Wings Night!
I have a huge test tomorrow and I haven't studied once
I never know what to say when i am complimented. T-T
#NameAFollowerYouSmashed lmao i wanna see whose down to name them
#MyTop10GucciSongs Dope Man.....
these girls be flexxin talkin bout sucking dick and eating pussy knowin damn well that they get scared in real life #toosoon?
I weighed in and lost 4.0 lbs.
got another question that i need answered will you just speak to me? XD is there a summer tour being planned?
habanero kick, of course. :)
Tonight it's off to hear #MichaelBuble at the Wachovia Center. Yes.
looking for an artist to help with the #NotTrashHouston recycle vehicle for the upcoming pride parade
you coming back to play for #NYJ ? We want you back
yep I know I do until they give me a reason not to. Excellent products and service.
#newpuppy I have an Australian Shepherd and a Shar Pei, big dogs for me too. :) Though I started with Chihuahuas.
At the museum ed idea lounge at #AAM2012 -- so many topics!
Thanks. Experience pays.
What you say about renal pathology is what you say about society.
Ehh my boo said he got a big ass he wishes c;
If I were rich I'd be there!
If I can't afford I buy used or borrow from library
RT Putting the "wanna" in Tijuana, bienvenido a Twitter!
Any time!
happy wednesday, everyone! (: how are you all today?<3
#3 What documents can you show me to prove your claims are true before I give you any money?
Fingers crossed. Seems odd it came down so quickly after they closed.
Having dinner at the Ravenous Pig, right across from Go Magic!!
Okay #sick flow is on my AZZ #REALLY!!!… Is this a sign=Slow down Bihhhhhh!!!! Ugh!!! :-(
what the fuck are you talking about you crazy bitch
#stcorg certification is portfolio based and lets you tell the story of your career, experience, and what you've accomplished
Hey #boogs dont worry. Trooper taylor still has his hat on backwards and his towel is still twirling. So....thats good right?
sounds cool!
yes its the U2 song the show is named after
It would be easier if you drew eyes on your tits...LOL
Huh? haha If Taylor Lautner goes ?
hey Chris I just want to tell you that I love your new CD.
'A Cross to Bear' will be available an eBook in 2 weeks. Thanks for all the support.
is it just me or is Jack White looking more and more like plastic surgery Michael Jackson?
Need a dope photographer for a celebrity event in LA June 9th. If you are one or know of one contact asap
It must be yo ass cause it ain't yo face!
Our thoughts exactly ;) RT : Thank goodness for cheese, salumi and crackers!!
Great job last night cuz. wish you were here.
For better or worse, that is a bigass phone. Overall, my nexus s, was cool, but the hw was cheap & 2.4 was very notquitethere.
lol it's in June that's when u sang to me psycho! Lmao and u should put it in yours
A rule was broken, right? You were all about rules being enforced last night in the Xavier-ND game. What's the difference?
lol but it's not real cuz u dnt hv a cock
Need more women like Ann Romney. She's worked harder than Hilary Rosen has that's for sure.
Your flopping is an embarrassment to the #NBA. Man up and stop acting!
Eating health today just had a fish sandwich.
hahaha i wish i was staying up all night doing anything BESIDES reading this book! but thats what i get for slacking!
Clearing the stadium now bc of weather threats in the area. VT leads 4-1 in the middle of the 5th innings.
been digging the foggy weather in Philly the last couple days; add a little blues and it's perfect
Visiting Angels San Jose is a senior homecare agency which offers a range of services in elderly care
I sent you it on YouTube
aight homie I'm About to DM you my number
Library snapshot day is tomorrow. So you know. Go to your library, see what they're doing. :-)
yeah, Raelert's coming for Crowie. Will Chrissie make up all that time???
your grommets are OUT OF LINE!
#1waytopissmeoff drive like an idiot.
Good Morning! Happy Mothers Day to all the Moms & Mom figures out there. We love+appreciate y'all much more than we show. Have a great day!
The hardest thing in life is watching someone you love with someone else…
American Junkie in stock at Elliott Bay Books
back to #cleaning....off to do the hallway so the #kids can do some painting :)
.. And even Stevens.. Am I forgetting any?
Just got an exclusive Bed Bath and Beyond 20% off coupon in the mail. Anyone want it?
Hope yer week is going well! I'm packed and ready to jet to NY! :)
didn't i tell you guys? I got offered sweet tix to the Brewer game Monday. much better than some movie, right?
Happy Birthday. Nice job on G+.
Wow!!! Thank you guys!!! That was so much fun.. Can't believe I just sang in front of Steven Tyler, JLO & Randy Jackson! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I was in love but fuck it.
The difference between a slash+burn CEO or build a better mouse trap CEO is the same as republican vs democrat, which CEO would you hire?
"Nobody puts baby in the corner" -
really??? Phones still busy??? Over 24 hours of busy signal! Only in Cincy.
Thank you...I'll check him out!
Looking forward to #dsum12 tomorrow!
the panic in Rick Perry's eyes when asked about his disbelief of climate change was pretty satisfying
thats where Albanians are from?!?!?! duh. LMAOOO
thanks you for fallowing ! :)
what happened to it and im soo srry i hope u can fix it and i can make u one if u want me to
How is it one careless match can start a forest fire, but it takes a whole box to start a campfire?
Congratulations! We hope you enjoyed your walk across the Baltimore Inner Harbor!!
Forgot to mention : Steve Case bought Merrywood, the childhood home of Jackie's, BTW.
Omg I can't stop thinking about it.
Journey's
Welcome to the newest member of the 2012 season: #22 - Tara Premenko (NEW) Next?
good stuff, Deena. Hey, does "One Life, No Regrets" have a Kickstarter thing?
": AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!" What did do this time?
Bro You got good thing going bro keep it up it will pay off !!!
text me <3
Mistakes are a great educator when one is honest enough to admit them and willing to learn from them.
Success or failure in business is caused more by the mental attitude even than by mental capacities.
what are some of the bands favorite praise and worship songs?
absolutely, & a game they took control of and should've won. Painkillers kicked in 9th, this'll hurt more tomorrow.
. Ready for another installment of #SeinfeldDerbyHorseNames this year?
Being a sports fan would be easier if I stopped being a hippie intellectual snob and bought a television. But that won't happen.
Big Ups to on the 18th anniversary of the release of the #hiphop classic, Illmatic.
It is amazingly quiet in town this morning... Even at 4:30 AM the town is usually not so peaceful...
You're young until you're not, you love until you don't,you try until you can't.
#NowPlaying: feat. Diddy-Dirty Money, Dirty South, Skylar Grey, and Becky Jean Williams - "Coming Home at 4 A.M. [Kaskade Mash-Up]
The only thing that can beat Linsanity is Melocrity.
when u r crushed because u never got a birthday tweet from :(
1927- The first #Volvo automobile rolled off the assembly line in Goteborg
Primary season is too long and not constructive, IMO
Yo...the Black Moon show is now TOMORROW AT SOUTH PAW!!! Please do not go to Brooklyn Bowl tonight looking for that show!!
Thinking will not overcome fear but action will. - W. Clement Stone
I feel like it should just be "Pedi" so when ppl ask "is it a Pedicab co or a Pedicure Co you'd be like, both!" And then: gasp.
lee starting to get crazy smh!
Wake up and do it (I'm gonna be so sleepy)
I plan on putting them on as soon as I get back to my desk.
Tired of Taking a Trashy Taxi?
Thank you SO much, Steve, for everything! Because the people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones who do!
Wow, not a single foul?
I was lazy in high and did not apply myself or work to my potential :(
The receptionist at my allergist's office is so rude! I guess not everyone is as lovely at a doctor's office as my mom is.
Looking forward to screening the rough cut to North West folks today, it's going to be great to get the Native American perspective too.
I have to thank and for sharing. I love it. The students I work with love it. The teachers I teach love it.
"The more love, The more love" remember to breathe, Give, forgive, recieve, rejoice, smile and truely live!!!!
You're welcome :)
Donna Summer medley is rocking my face off right now.
I am so thankful I was blessed with wide shoulders. Especially nice when flying on regional jets
Tina Brown would have been wiser to put the image of Obama on a unicorn shooting rainbows from his hands on the cover of Newsweek.
I don't think so. I saw a video about post game reaction but it was from the Philadelphia Union website so might be just them.
Mike Ditka never finishes his sentences
yucky... kinda glad it's not me LOL
I wabt a cigarette !
Were you at #OccupyLA last weekend? I was there with and we marched the shit out of that thing.
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) -- The Indianapolis Colts have fired coach Jim Caldwell.
wow, hey its claire.. i forgot the password for this twitter :Lbut im back :D ps sam.. thanks for giving me the passwrd again :L x
I just noticed that lol!
ucla tomorrow! overnight stay #razaday :D woo meet some cuties?!
guys it's 12am and I thought it was 12pm so I woke up and started straightening my hair!
It was great! “: ! Can't wait to learn from Rep. & ICE Director John Morton at the Copyright of Way panel.”
Hol..y.... shit.. Prince Charming has to go. Is he freaking kidding? How is she keeping a straight face?
R.I.P. Joe Frazier! Heavy Heavy Weight
safe travels Jenn. See ya soon.
if I had a dollar for every time I heard that. Lol after the first they just start falling out. U better get some good BC
Good Morning world, happy monday now lets get this paper.... Its a unified movement ;)
There's a reason your only aloud to say so much on twitter. Because its not Facebook and we don't wanna see your life long story.
trying to get back tomorrow, but leave again Sun. Busy, busy travel schedule.
FREE PIZZA HUT LARGE ANY TOPPINGS Call 1-888-Your-momm
The greatest feeling in the world is to love and be loved back.
Wish I wad back in Panama today
loved it. Food was out of this world. A great #CraftBeer event keep em coming
"The excellence of a gift lies in its appropriateness rather than in its value." ~Charles Dudley Warner (1829-1900)
Divas in Mexico are a source of national pride for their voices, bodies, divine traits and relation to Europe.
here's what makes Major League Baseball different from any other professional sport: one mistake is all it takes
Hard work pays off
Of course not. I am sure he thinks that the job of MY family and MY friends.
We promote the best music
CRASH: 99th @ Stark, only one westbound lane is getting by
Hello. Nice to meet you.
running errands today Steven, I'll pass anything I like down the road :)
Rehearsal this Friday, then V-day weekend!
Thanks for the continued brain food. Would love to meet up sometime soon, let me know if anything sends you this way!
All packed up and leaving. Good bye BSU, hello summer.
In further regards to previous post, clearly the 17 yr old in this piece hasn't heard of Burning Man or the myriad other music fests...
#SammyHagar restaurant to open in Roseville. Cool!
Oops I Did It Again? Okay, sure.
you getting a,car?
River Ridge w/ 1-2-3 finish in pole vault led by Andy Breuer's first-place leap of 10-9. RR with a 16-point lead over Albany in boys meet.
": Boys:Ask for pictures with no clothes. Men:Ask for pictures with no make up."
Casey Anthony making video blogs as a blond wearing glasses. So much for disguising herself from the public! 15-minutes wasn't long enough.
I would love to rent an RV and hire a driver to take my friends and me around the country.
what's ur favorite color? And do u like heels or purses more
Cody I have to wake up in 6 hours come on.
"I'll remember you. Just like I remember everyone that leaves."
damn Austins sexy....
Gah. just got fooled by spam comment claiming to get multiple notifications from my subscribe to comments. oh, those wascally spammers!
Cant wait for prom!!
They better not do a Rocky Horror remake because his name was Robert Paulsen.
need customer service help. need to change payment info on order but get stuck in circular site bug.
Whiskey Tango is food, fun and entertainment. Downtown Hollywood is blowing up with free parking!!
How I wish I was a slut in real life not just on twitter :/
Yes we do! Perfect balance of sweet and spicy! Always fun trying something new.
I want to go to a concert.
I have yet to get a personalized auto dm. It's 100% spam.
oh you are wonderful!
I like your avi its cute
The aging cellar portion of the tour? Cold. But thirst remains quenched!
“: How old were you when you got your first kiss?” Probably about a minute or so.
The price of covering Alabama football? Tweeting gymnastics. That is all.
off to pick up lupe!
I think its a good idea!
today is 'International Museum Day'
Thinking only hurts the brain....just do it lol!!
I HEARRDDD THAT. I finally feel... relieved. Why didn't we think of this solution sooner?
“: ”shut the door
Don't go looking for man, let him find you.
Ok #Nuggets gotta do it here!!! Send them fuckers packing!!
They weren't THAT bad... were they? Lolz
. is looking for a rad animator/motion designer in #pdx - get in touch w/them for details!
big game tonight boys!
My way is cooler. More designer-y. ;-)
Remember there's no such thing as a small act of kindness
Could have had the best of both worlds plus another planet, and had a party, eaten wings, and seen an amazing VS show.
Gottlieb: Went around room asking how much each official made - $270k to $700k each - city officials in 2-sq mile city of Bell made more...
The archives sent us their CDX files, but majority aren't available online, just in library reading room :(
Garrison! Is there somewhere I can buy "I'll Be Waiting"? I NEED it in my ipod! It's FANTASTIC! :)
Peace Love and No Nuts now accepts credit, debit, pre-paid or gift cards with a Visa, MasterCard, American Express or Discover logo.
They were adorable in that "why am I infatuated with you right now?!" kind of way. I have a massive crush on them as a unit.
Happy 2nd Mother's Day my big girl! I love you! ~ Love,.Mommy
If you ever have need for catering food of the '60s genre I highly recommend or if you just like a great pork roast!
how were they? Where did you get them?
are they running u?
Boy's dog eating my phone = much needed upgrade! No Blackberry for the first time since 2007.
In true love the smallest distance is too great, and the greatest distance can be bridged.
I'm going to fail at this so bad. xD
Banana but muffin w/ banana cream oatmeal.
Wherever a man turns he can find someone who needs him. ~Albert Schweitzer
That was my daughter's favorite moment in the movie, bar none. It's a good 'un!
Say word?
Hahah! Lexi just ran up to Ella and started blushing. You have done somthing to her, she loves you :)
Counting down the days till I go back home <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Good idea.
#RandomQuestions Why do dogs walk in a circle before they lie down?
bout t go get the girlie(: gonna have a good night.!
Thank you for checking in! Have a great week!
Storms on the water are so beautiful... especially when it is all sunny on the beach. This was in Siesta Key, Florida.
Dying at the slow motion replay
I'm waiting patiently!
Mindless Behavior
when are we getting the band back together ladies?!
I've got another casting opportunity in western Mass, Twitterverse! Looking for renters ages 20-30 who've dealt with bed bugs. DM me!
You know how you know someone doesnt love you, its when they replace you, like you were nothinng
- awesome... Now we can see Ali's version of "Does it Blend" video series... :-))
drunk was me lastnight ...!
Did one of the presenters at #dbc2012 say that press releases are obsolete or did I just dream that?
#stm2012 PDFs are awful because preset text & image sizes, no dynamic elements, cumbersome to separate out figures from text
PIMP COFFEE!
Delicious Egg Nog and Peppermint Shakes!
Do u like or hate Randy Orton?
I think mb is the most best thing out
Thank you San Diego Unified School District for instituting local preference hiring
Appreciate the mention, TY!!
What up homie! Long time no tweet! Hahaha, That was stupid
My heart hurts so much I feel like dying.
I've got soul but I'm not a soldier.
Sux about DRose. One of the VERY few NBA players I like.
chilling with tomorrow
Had a great going away party last night
It's being able to differentiate between what you know and what you don't
:-( Sigh! Mama state... "we are here for your safety/protection".
I'm lookin' through you, where did you go?
those are sweet shoes!
What it look like Cool?
my day: eat, text, poop, watch sports, repeat.
"These products leave my hair shiny and manageable, and they are ideal for the harsh Southwestern climate..."
By cheap do you mean free? Haha
found the perfect shoes yesterday, I"m in love! <3
Hope everyone has a three day weekend like us!
Attending the seminar series on bid protests
'Jake from State Farm' commercial where the hilarious wife says "she sounds hideous" is my current favorite.
RT : RT : Courage to fail makes for great creativity!
that's one of many reasons I got out 8 years ago.
Is day national Pippa day cause she all over the tv. Im sorry yea she cool whatever but really she hasnt down anything She just Katie sister
i need a lot of tweets :) 98 more days till my birthdayy :)
Thanks so much for the mention -- You're the best, I hope you know!
I dont mind saying im from the suburbs cuz I am...
Millions of thanks to everyone for a beautiful birthday. You all mean the world to me. <3
Whale got my basketball in for the day.
I need to mute all people with locked tweets..I be drove when I cant RT somethin
speaking of drinks, if you fools are up to it, planning for bday celebration @ ogara's friday for pat mccurdy!
Two people I want to chat about the new Manson album with: and
how is your spring break?
I need a life
yeah I figured that... it's all good.
Give Joe Buck a 5hour energy drink, I think he's sleep talking...
force accountability, a more aggressive comment form submission process is required. too many users hide behind fake usernames
“: Okay, I'm a #vegan, but I'm pulling for Bev tho I've never had a short rib!” converting vegan
what's been good homie? You talked to Shi lately? He's got another little one on the way.
#Didyouknow during a total solar eclipse the temperature can drop by 6°C (20°F)
LovingVampsPublications.com Check out my wolves, etc.
Thanks to everyone who participated in our 2009 International Conference in Indiana - it was a huge success! Join us next year in Va Beach!
There was a storm???
I can certainly respect that...
all my new followers wasssup god bless!!!
#BoyzAreBack ohh boy.tomorrow is gonna be emotional as HELL.
Over it
#Imagine You:''What's your biggest dream?'' Harry:"Marry the girl I love with my life, heart & soul.'' You:''Who?'' Harry:"You! Who else?''
Every girl has that one guy she goes back to, heartbreak after heartbreak and nobody knows why, not even her. And she just can't let go..
IN 24 HOURS AND AND I WILL BE WAITING OUTSIDE OF THE FOX THEATER FOR !!!!! <3
San Diego last day to order a March Treasure Box is this Sun! Feeds family of 4 lunch & dinner 4 about a week -menus www.thetreasurebox.org
thank you
you arent far. I can make that trip
"here's my asshole boss!"
Sore throat, too much to do and unsure how I'll get all my work done this week with three days away from my desk. I need a weekend do-over.
I need to find one in my area asap
There's almost nothing I will do to prevent Train from being perpetrated on the world.
No I meant VD, I believe the young kids call them STDs.
like a tadpole in a puddle...
"Austin has no fans." RT if you are a Mahomie.
thanks for the follow
Thanks for the follow! ;-)
I totally just caught that fly :D #BORED!
NO SALE FOR U
Why am I still watching the Golden Girls?!?
The students at our school thank you :)
Who wants a free paraffin treatment? Call us at 251-9182 to book a manicure today and receive a complimentary hydrating paraffin dip.
Baby, I know that ur cool with rockin' with me, but I can't have u tellin' everybody, got me all twisted with ur lips like this!
Of the various botanical classes of coffee trees in the world, only two are extensively grown commercially; Arabica and Robusta.
Glad you liked the video that much!
Thank for following me and add me as your friend <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
She's an overall hot ass mess
lol. u been doin' pretty good?
this game might drive me nuts.....
New booklet offers 10 Tips to Make Your Newsworthy. Click Free Downloads on our website
I hate raves with a passion I find them pointless.
Ah ha thats great
The princess Diana thing wS really cool
guy in the mustang driving next to me... ow owww
Infopath sucks monkey ear.
you caught me!
fuck yeah. Fuck them all! It's time to take care of you!
Tyrna fight me over my ex !
Hey Justin, how old are you?
Fell asleep earlier while watching TV. Now I'm wide awake and starving. Scrambled eggs, maybe?
does A21 have it set up 4 pple 2 sponsor specific women who have been freed? Like other orgs allow sponsorship of children.
runs also allowed in Texas. Maybe in DC too, but it's a long drive. Nearest Sonic 90 miles away.
Well, my theory on Hart was wrong today. Ishikawa (left handed bat) starts at 1st against lefty JA Happ. May have earned it last night.
Come on Seattle where is the sun!
Lazy night at home and loving it!!!
New Video :) Coming Soon !
this, does not surprise me. Bring me home goofy taffy please!
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen. Winston Churchill
or do Muslims not believe in education? I can't remember now.
How is it I'm laying in bed on a Friday night.
I wish I could make it, but I've got a presentation for my FINAL #distanceeducation class for #edtech! Holla~~
i aint even tired <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
just followed us and we didn't even ask! oh my goshh! we love her so much<3
First trim since September.
Good luck. I hope u make it.
i wanna meet whats on the schefule for today?
Toms are the most beautiful and most disgusting shoes ever created. ((i have really sweaty feet okay))
Taking the elevator bc im an American.
Reminder: Labor Day Hours SLU: Closed QA: 10m - 4pm ALL RAIN MEMBERS MAY USE The QA Rain ON LABOR DAY (Monday, Sept 5th)
Convinced acupuncture makes everything better. Thanks for the treatment!
I'm hungry af.
it's the RISP that are left that freaking kill me! Something's gotta change here!
I feel bad for the girl who is having to give a pedicure to the chick with Harry and the Hendersons legs!
This week has been so beautifully busy...busy busy bees we've been!
Its the boys If i had my iphone i would throw the siren up
At yesterday's #LovePDX event explained how to use customer journey maps to gather user research. Nice job, Barb.
NARP! But you know, it's your journey.
oh ok. Now I get it lol
college is a wonderful thing to experience... but in hs i wish they wuda told me more about HBCU's!!.
Obama causing hella traffic
How many pens are you wanting to house?
-- "I WOULDA Bought the Dodgers ... If I Had the Money" - ... Now that would of been a #Hollywood ending!
Yep she def does cause she was just bitching at me for losing so much in poker lately.
That attitude will have to change when is your sister-in-law.
I'm onto your shady ass....
Man, the weather could not get much better than this.
Worse than not being special is incorrectly believing that you are.
Have fun! RT . Sure I'll go to the Bulls game tonight with &
All those fairytales are full of shit One more stupid love song I'll be sick
In love with her tweets are incredibly sincere and make me feel very good.
okay, I'll bite... Why must you be TB- to teach OL? Who created the regulation?
Looking forward to your performance tonight.
you make me sick
Time is the most valuable thing a man can spend. -Laertius Diogenes
That Tupac hologram was unreal. Sorry. I hadn't heard anyone say it.
That's my biggest problem, that school has been almost completely divorced from learning. Now it's just certification
chillin now that im not workin on more i can focus on this music.... when your next showcase
welcome to twitter
of course you can! And just for the night!
#NEOSOULHAPPYHOUR5/25 > Live Sound > The Arts > Cocktails
Being written. Very exciting!
when did we get married??? #confusion lmbo
Do not wish to be anything but what u R ! And try to be that perfectly !
You're on the good shit tonight!
Yes!RT : The illiterate of the 21st Centry will not be those who can't read & write but those who can't learn-unlearn-& RELEARN!
Love the enthusiasm and excitement in the room. Everyone is ready to participate and jump right in! #tedxusc 2012
great seeing your work on Hurricane Season. Inspiring movie.
forgive ne I'm so late happy mothers day beautiful I wish you and all of your loved ones all the best
Another test...trying to get to connect with our Facebook page :)
<U+2611>Twitter <U+2611> Tumblr <U+2611> Facebook <U+2611> Youtube <U+2610> Homework.
Spent the afternoon sorting through a collection of anti-communist ephemera from the early 50s. We got nothing on these guys. Yikes!
XC has platform for bulk conversion of existing library metadata.
oh I have one! It's in my brother's room!
Oh my goodness, that sounds AMAZING!!! :) :) :)
Doing well thanks, and you?
LOL that would be crazy if it was a Lakers vs Clippers WCF. No need to worry about Traveling
It's Teacher Appreciation Day! Don't know what to get your favorite teacher? GO VOTE TODAY!
Pulled up Yankees box score on At Bar app. Saw 2 errors and thought Nunez must be in field. Not shocked that he had both.
Clean rape tube bid?
That girl did not just look at me and say, "Oh my God my vagina smells good, want to smell?" Stupid blonde girl!!
Of course you would! Classic. RT : Sway? Eh. I'd rather have swagger. ;)
Hearing my old familiar tea kettle whistle is like a primal scream that always calls to my love of coffee and still brings a smile to my day
oh well
What up People! Be on the lookout for our newest location in Scottsdale Fashion Square Mall!!!
Discovery Science training tomorrow, next year is going to be AWESOME!
On from noon to 1pm today to discuss the campaign to privatize and defund public education: vouchers, charters, austerity. Tune in.
FOLLOW BACK EM.
Ugh...so many phone messages to return! This feels worse than owing people money
<U+200E>"All politics is local." Tip O'Neill.
If Wayne Rooney flaps his arms any more often I'll swear he's attempting to fly.
My brother just said if the world was to end, he would really eat a kangroo for food o_0 like wft???
Happy Mothers Day! You deserve to be spoiled not just today but everyday!
It's not whether you get knocked down, it's whether you get back UP!!
being sick is so not fashionable. :-( sniff sniff...
im sure you are doing great. NICKYBALLZ LOVES U BBY
Weren't they silver in the story? I remember reading this back in AP US History in high school.
My kids got to hand feed stingrays yesterday! What a cool thing! (stingers were cut off)
Well just think he could be sneaking into your head and making himself comfy to make you dream of him.
but people can vote multiple times for Pepsi Refresh - are they counting people or votes?
great is having a jam sesh and im alone with not a single task in sight for the rest of the day. oh summer jobs.
Q2 #libchat - Anyone doing cloud storage for their digital archives?
I'm amazed at all the girls wearing padded bras and make up to the gym. I'm holding the girls in & sweating my ass off. Go back to the club.
that's some very discerning misanthropy. Hats off to you, sir!
This week is gonna go by so slow.
you should just completely stop
It was a fun productive morning!
Wow, I didn't mean for my costume to be that slutty
“: If you want to know who to mistrust, lower your defenses and wait to see who attacks you then”LOVE THE TWEET-BASIC GODFATHER
Stressed About School
just becuz of schol will u beable to tweet on school
Andrew I noticed u always r giving to wi people. Just curious why? I love it!
Meow I hate sleeping alone who wants to cuddle <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BC>
if Peggy were hotter, she'd be the perfect girl for him lol
yea well could i for 9 days just to teach you well id drive to come and teach you im going to mo the 25
Need Sponsors for celebrity black tie event indy bring inspiratn hope financial support families affected cancer
just testing your email.
So proud of BU/COM's performance in the 's #IveGotGame contest. Two teams of finalists, including the 1st place finishers!
Currently uploading 897 photos from our Birthright/Israel trip.. Get ready people
It's happening! Save the Date: January 13-15th
time to take the snuggie into the office and take a nap
Turn the Humans Loose -- Release 10% of the Millions of Humans Locked-Up at Historic-High USA Incarceration Rates since 1776
Vegasinsideplayers.com has access to over 35 big limos in vegas. If ur in town and need a ride call or email us. Thank you for the support.
LETS GO
madison likes the word beautiful.
Chocolate &amp;amp; Fruits:The most popular and delicious chocolate dipped fruit is strawberry
Uh-oh. ": That sinking feeling when you realize your all natural deodorant is made of crystal dust and optimism."
We are what we think. All that we are arises with our thoughts. With our thoughts, we make our world. ~ Gautama Buddha
RT RT Do you want more Followers ? RT&Follow »
So my mom went to jail
You're welcome! Fascinating creature. Glad you shared
Well, I suppose... Only for you. Go Pats. :)
That was the funniest thing ever <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
you're welcome
lol I'm going crazy. this shit is so cool to me
Happy New Year ;) <3
I thought it was teen spirit. RT : smells like cat pee. awesome.
What The Fuck Is There To Do I'm Bord Az Shit.
Live. Now. Listen. www.iphoneslutz.com - iPhone app reviews from people who know and love apps (a little too much).
Ha Ha so awesome RT : told the wife that alcohol is not cool with #whole30, with a can of condensed milk in hand...
RT <U+279E><U+279E> #TEAMINSTANTFOLLOW RETWEET THIS TWEET FOR LOADS MORE FOLLOWERS x
#YouKnowWhatsAnnoying is when wack rappers wanna diss me but they're not even on my level!!
having a birthday party Sunday may 20th from 230/630p #brick house tavern ft lauderdale.Hope you can make it :) frenchi
Hey Ginger.. Happy Thanksgiving and thanks for all the updates !
Feeling grateful and thankful today for the many blessings in my life.
Note to Self: Life is not static. Static is boring.
chiling with my friends :)
Gotta be honest Peter...at camping we would sing "Something died up your ar$e tonight, musta been something you ate" ;-)
I think it might be a scrap book his mom made to encourage his hobby.
ya to me it don't smell like no hard boiled ....lol
HIBF2012 is proud to support local eateries too! Come check out , , and ! April 14
earthobservatory.nasa.gov There's an image-of-the-day here from #NASA's earth observatory.
war games is on tv. god i loved that movie.
Just left office 10 minutes ago...don't give me sh** when I look like sh** tomorrow:)
#FavoriteLyricOfAllTime "don't break hearts and try to shake hands cause we're living in a time of living's last chance"
are up!
What's with these bear hugs between draft picks & the commish.....
The rules and regulations have changed
Just offered a 4 night stay @ the Natty Shack in PCB, perhaps I need to class up my act & start being SMOOTH!
I'd be interested to know how you like ifttt. I'm trying to get control of my online life, too.
DO ME A FAVOR SAVE DAT SHIT #CHEIFKEEF finna get on a couple beats soon
just got done playing the bass n pinao n guiter lol
No no I'm really not that excited to see oh who am I kidding I'm so freaking EXCITED AH<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+2764>
follow me on twitter thank u
welcome to the good life! ;-)
Watching Victorious!
Best #MCN2011 breakfast: The Flying Biscuit - couple blocks east of Margaret Mitchell house - midtown MATRA stop.
Yo Mama so fat when she went to the movies she sat next to everyone.
#sorry there can only be one me :p
well then thinking I should tune in over on then x lol
some only go 2canvas calander 2enter assign (5 min) and then enter grades in grdbk-they link out to lots of other stuff
RT : UGA says they're a go for #thatcamp SE this spring. [Excellent! Yet another reason to go hang out in Athens!]
Add me on Skype "evanam" and on Facebook /EvanAMartin.
I promise I will make time to sleep one of these days. Just not today or any day in the foreseeable future
Felt so good playing lax
Thanks for supporting the arts with all of the re-tweets!
dear lord
Summeritis is a female dog.
Haha, thanks Bill; awesome job. In my 7th year.
This. RT : If train travel is supposed to be affordable, why does it cost $200 to go from BWI to NYC?
Look at that subtle off-white coloring. The tasteful thickness of it. Oh my God, it even has a watermark!
Get the best people and train them well. Scott McNealy
Just tasted this super-delicious #asparagus my brother just made! OH MY GOD - I'M IN VEGETABLE HEAVEN!!!!!!
Birthday greetings from School friends!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
No regret just love
Monsters lead 2-1. Shots are 11-7 in the Monsters favor
Lady Gaga Reveals One Question 'Changed My Life' In MTV Special
“Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.” <U+2015> Albert Einstein
Yay! Glad to hear it :)
lots to do tonight!
3 explosions in Kabul by Taliban just hours after Pres Obama leaves; doesn't say much for our operational security
Let's not forget the new God Forbid: "Equilibrium". That shit is SICK.
when you tweet a picture like that no one will notice the bracelet :3
I assume it was Tommy H?
you're fine :)
Gas prices being what they are, the Barbie car felt irresponsible
ok, cuz my sis said they switched it 2 the ICONic anniversary cuz, well, it maid more sence
another crazy weekend with , , and Feels like the summer has just begun =P
I would say yes, as it shows a kind of approval of them. But I'm not one to speak for my wifey.
It Wouldnt Surprise Me At All If The Miami Heat Swept The Knicks. Lebron Obliterated Them In Game 1.
that's what we're having @ my house!
Cindy SO GLAD you are cancer-free #1 & THANK YOU so much for registering as an angel to help another! B WELL!!
So, just for the record, the Celtics are getting all of the calls tomorrow night, even some you've never heard of.
Obama just got Bidened.
College football's bowl games are officially locked in for the new season. The schedule showcases 35 games in 24 days this bowl season.
so much work!! no time for anything fund these days.
Why aren't you Twitter verified if this is the real one? has 27,000 followers. How do I know it's fake?
im 5'6 and a half. So close!~
I love this weather, I love this weather, I love this weather:D<3
I write to you, dear children, because your sins have been forgiven on account of his name. 1 John 2:12
Mystery red freckles? Burst blood vessles from throwing up. Thanks, illness, for screwing with my skin in addition to my body.
david cross
I feel amish still having a Blackerry. I guess I'll just have to text (woops, I mean sext) with a bonnet on.
How do they go from -no I don't have to pee to oh my gosh if we don't stop right now I will pee all over the car- in 3 seconds flat?
Laker Playoff Game Central @ Sandbar Lounge Long Beach. $2 Brews $3 Drinks $1 Pool Table. 710 West Willow Ave Long Beach 90806
RT : If you are a journalist or media publisher here's a great new resource www.mymediainfo.com. Check it out!
I really don't care if I lose friends. You make friends and enemies everyday. Regardless, I'm still going to be me.
Thank you Allison! Anything you'd want to see changed or improved? I'm a Celtics fan too :) I'm glad we're back to winning
who dat? Rams dat last year. That's what's up. :)
Sorry, Violet's never leaving the house...good times Also Tate v. Dad fight scene...perfect! Guess I'm a sicko
Thanks! Great to hear! RT “: My hair dresser was just telling me how much he loves you guys.”
We're loving the weather as well!
I have an ARC of Wonderstruck in my bag! It's going to be a great weekend!!
Ready for tonight. Can't wait to go to Camden Yards tonight, and watch the best team in baseball (at the moment).
definitely as much to blame. And while nobody was there, they did have to deal with the ball.
Also read Embassytown, China Mieville's new science fiction book. There is quite a bit about alien language and communication in the story.
I could def write a song that show the world who she is. Luv 4 u 2 hear the 1 I wrote for Mary. Missed the dl but its a banger.
#Syracuse fans take note: SU beat #Kansas in the 2003 #NCAA title game and lost to #Kentucky in 1996. So who are you rooting for?
Getting closer to program load/save nirvanna for the VST intstrument...
I want to take a fly swatter to two yapping girls behind me at this conference.
Yeah, you'll love it by the end. You'll sing its praises from on high!
You think the flight time to Australia is long? It took Apollo about 76 hours to get to the moon. One way.
#TheLittleBlackTruck is back at it! Come find us at 15th and Q. Next to Fremont Park, R15 Naked Coffee and Shady Lady!
So how did it go? At least you were brave enough to try! Thanks for visiting The Lube!
I take full responsibility for myself and my actions
thanks for follow us !
Yes indeed. I am going to be opening ===> You have any big plans for the summer?
*texts Stripper Bear* Oops.
new phone no pic or nunthing dam
RT Red Bull is one of the biggest syndicators of extreme sports content. They make more $$ off their content than product.
In line for outside the show. Ah...LA.
pitbull is sexy... i love him.... yeah
i thought better of you than to pull that... guess i was wrong. fine... IM FUCKING DONE!!! have a happy life.. i wont be anywhere in it..
Worth the RT. RT : A novel is that rare place where you can simultaneously find yourself and lose yourself. via
Thanks for telling people about us! DM us if you get a chance
cause each cheek had a life of it's own.
on Gotterdammerung. Great Saturday listening!
isn't following me =( I am invisible 2 them! =( RT if u feel same
#Heartattack U .S . Culture Linked to Greater Sunscreen Use Among Latinos Title: U .S . Culture Linked to Greater Sunscreen Use Among Latin
RT : True/False Film Festival organizers named True Vision award winner, Russian director Victor Kossakovsky. Fest is March1-4
Lmao don't encourage that Bible bag
Hope I can stay awake.
what r u doing up there lol
Cliq My Blur!
nice work, Suzy!
The sky looks angry right now..
Rolling Stone's Jon Stewart issue: David Letterman in a UCSB shirt circa 1983. Go Gauchos.
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0>
Happy Payday! What do you love about Fridays? We're open until 7:00, just in time for you to start your night off right!
Cesar GOmez's status: "Either you will work to build your dreams or someone will hire you to build theirs."
Wisconsin in 2 months. Get better every day...RT Ran dixon today with the squad!
Well that is a given. I don't necessarily have to reiterate the obvious :)
let's put on a good concert tonight!
And to think I felt bad when I heard Tami had a heart attack. Uhh... I'm not surprised. This heifer is psycho.
Lets get to 750 Likes!! Repost this.. The 750th like will get a $10 Gift Card..
Diplo tonight ! Hmu for guest list!
Hope the hubby gets home soon....so excited for the game(s) tonight!!!!
Coraline 3D so well done. Intense, not for children.
RT : #TheVoice finals! GO CHRIS MANN :)
If more people kept what said top of mind, so many problems could be avoided
I am really starting to dislike your frogs
Honoring Elouise Cobell as a Woman of Distinction Business Award
spoonbill is the best tasting fish
,oh ok carryon
I agree, "aperture' is a seldom heard, yet useful term. Thanks!
welcome, good sir.
New exhibit! Details coming soon...
- p.s. can't wait to work "parallax scrolling" into a coctail party conversation
I will take even odds for a beer at NYCE club if they take 8 or less, 9+ I'm buying
You aint even lying!! Thats the sad part!
Enjoying the earthquake song selection on JackFM. Listening to We Will Rock You, All Shook Up, and It's the End of the World as We Know it.
participating in #opened11 from afar, if that counts
ok, thx to I'm now obsessed with learning how to write code
because ultra is over
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A8> Before Meagan Good, Raven Symone used to be my favorite RT : Raven Symone is a lesbian. cool
Kids are chanting ASAP during Exquire's set...
Watching my sister dance is always fun, I know she's going to make it big in life and good luck to her <3 u lil sis
Congrats to the 2011 Future 50 winners! We enjoyed celebrating your success! Hartman is a proud four-time sponsor of the event!
Sorry of the wait, did you enjoy the show? :-)
Im not cosigning lol.....we was there from 7ish in the morning til 11...! && why you wanna see the both of us.?
Right on! RT : #TWITTERTIP Do not have somebody else to tweet for you. Use your OWN voice to connect with others.
I would still say the Packers #1 need is an OLB opposite of Matthews rather than a S to replace Peprah.
yes, that would be weird.
Tasty treats @ the Better Bites of Austin section Sunday Fair. 20 Better Bites Members sampling and selling!
Maybe that's why they're in those sad situations, not everyone makes well-thought decisions
#WestMemphis3 are gonna be released!
:) RT You were the 500th person I followed! You're the 500th person I'll probably never actually read any of your tweets
dear please stop the conquest to publish my playlists on Fb. I have to opt-out twice a week on the mobile app! Abt to move to
hooray Boston
Thanks Jake! I'm doing social strategy as well as business development. It's a fantastic opportunity.
Hey Development Team! I'm learning all about how NOT to pick a donor database! Much love from San Francisco!
Omg!!!! I woke up this morning SUPER sore
I See Watchu Mean By Your Shit Is dead Lol
This will be my motto for the week!
Right?! I also have a Jewish mother... She alternates between wanting grandkids & me going to Hell in 2 religions.
My mom is taking me to see "Chimpanzee" today after school. Can't wait!
Wear a watch to pace yourself during an exam.
this was spectacular and much needed! Starting cooking young increases your confidence. Esp. As a male.
THATS WHAT I AM TALKING ABOUT. DO YOUR TING GIRL.
mines too.
Well this would certainly improve my mood considerably, thank you.
"Red Tail" was the most accurate movie on the Tuskegee, Airmen to date! BRAVO!!
Like i said no life!
For Union Rags' owner Wyeth, horses are in the blood - Bellingham Herald
What do you mean?
Oh shit i gotta go get my tank cd
Good Morning Ficellenians! Today we'll be at Half st & M for the Nats Home opening from 11-6 Play Ball!!!!
So if that large coffee I drank earlier didn't wake me up, the thunder and torrential rain pelting downtown CLE definitely would have!
Homeless Pick-Up Line: ..I have a chicken in the fridge.
Osteo-arthritis Treatment method: Ways to Treat Psoriatic Arthritis ...
Rest In Peace Hannah. I miss you so much. I'm so empty.
U gotta get wifed up first
what brand are they?
It's better to end a relationship while we still care about and love each other than to end it after we hate each other.
I lurve it.
#realfriends are everything :) they are truly, real
Absolutely. We thoroughly enjoy the Dictionary of American Regional English.
“The young man knows the rules, the old man knows the exceptions.” - Oliver Wendell Holmes
Waiting for the crime scene people to get here, let's see what they find...
shit we been out like we knew we were going to be ..you guys got your lil star Kobe and STILL loosing....^_^ ...bahahaahaa....
Come celebrate my birthday with me on Friday March 2 @ Opium's MAD HOUSE @ the Hard Rock. Mi ago wine an bubble all night long. :-P Lol!
Hoosiers and UK Wildcats not free to schedule one more needless cupcake in December. Pro Wrestling jobbers even think it's a disgrace...
They say it's "capped at 30" but mine always went up to 35. I could get up to 40 going downhill!!
fyi, voting will be live around 9pm...
Shower then back to sleep ...
I wasn't yelling in her face and the boys wasn't yelling at Rebecca so she lied
Follow and we will follow back (:
Anthony Johnny Di Mascio had EPENDYNOMA OF THE BRAIN. BRAIN CANCER UPDATES TO FOLLOW. TY
Hope to see you girls this Sunday at Ripple! Bring new Winos if ya can.
Late night of coding and QA finally done! Hopefully the #Broncos have a new QB when I wake up!
I'll be in the RF bleachers on Saturday.
We are glad you had a lovely afternoon at #winerev, could you choose a favorite wine?
lol man it's so fun!
Have an opinion, don&#39;t stick to it too much and never agree with someone&#39;s opinion just because someone would like you to.
Had a great day, havent laughed like since Forever ago ;) ->KimBeezy<-
Work, then packing for my trip :D
Your humor is awesome!
I thank you Jesus cause God answers all my prayers
*cough* RT At least that injury comes at a position of great strength and depth for The
Sounds soo good! RT Rolling out a new dish: Fried Headcheese with Whole Grain Sourghum, Arugula, Smoked Lemons, and Daikon.
Want details of the day. Go
Wow I'm watching tornadoes right now
« boosted about HU this Saturday!!!! #armedanddangerous»
Formulas are great, but you have to be creative with them and know when to break away from them.
Biggest challenge of 's job at #Facebook? Managing a creative team that is so passionate about personal projects!
HELLO FIRST 96 WE LOVE and THANK YOU FOR Your Support! LIVE YOUR DREAMS!!!!
Need 1 more follower for me to get 150 Followers...
True, it's not always easy finding the right mentors for oneself. Good reminder of how valuable they are tho.
haha yep, I don't have to work that much next month, so I'll probably do a lot of writing within that time period
Only in New Orleans. I just seen a Yellow School Bus on the road and it's almost 10PM
You know that terrible 3 am bird? Well it has escalated. It's now the terrible 2:30 am bird.
Damnit, why do TV shows and movies have to be so sad snd have people cry? I'm trying to sleep, I don't have time to cry.
So large percentage of black voters supported Amendment 1? Last I checked so did OVERWHELMING majority of white voters.
Heading to the "Your Child had a Pulse!" (i.e. Middle School Honors) awards ceremony.
*they. Learn2calmthefuckdownandnotbesosassy. But yeah that really sucks. Parks and Rec is my favorite show.
New packers fan club named titletown fanatics titletownfanatics.com. Keep watching site for details.
I got a small circle, I'm not with different crews
cheapest is in metro area is park Meadows. Go Amazon though
same with my school! Everyone is so disrespectful !!
OMG one more follower till my goal!! Thx guys so much!
I DON'T WANT TO DO ANYTHING
Events around #milw this weekend: Gallery Night and Day in the 3rd Ward Fri and Sat. and Earth Day on Sunday. Have a good weekend!
Bye Lamar maybe the Mavs can start winning
--Good to know, thanks for that I'll have to look into it!
“: Who needs ankle weights during excercise when you've got tears to weigh you down #rightLadies” grindin'
Gonna learn all about photographing fungi tonight at the Colorado Mycological Society meeting { Denver Botanic Gardens }
I just read this again. Why not just use "pp" in pdb?
6800 seat sport arena
#RIPMCA - you were a big inspiration.
follow me...miss alexis todd if you are watchin march madness!!!!
true....sad
I make weeeiiirdd faces sometimes... i just noticed that..
Judging by his physique, I'd guess Popeye's a pretty accomplished masturbator
Call us to find out how you can get FREE CROWN moulding when we remove your acoustic texture from your ceilings.619-562-5848 Mr.D's painting
Oh LA traffic, how much I love you ... Not. But that doesn't break this Saturday's beauty. Clear blue sky, indeed!
we'll be out Friday night!!
That nigga hit a 3. Go K. G.
Aye Aye Aye Aye !! Leave Me T'f Alone Chick !!! Damn !
#Halstead is new york #real estate softball champs!
Being in the ER yesterday gave me time to think about a few people and the direction my life is going in.
i want to send you an invite and ask you a question about McNally Jackson, what's the best way to chat?
Exhausted! It's been a long 6 hour day. Especially after being out sick most of the week...
Look for a letter in the mail this week from ICTC re: prep for summer!
im guessing his gps isn't working?
Working side jobs on both my days off. Tired. Counting my blessings that I'm doing this to pay 4 vacation, not just to get by.
Wear loose, dark clothing when you visit us for a tan - you’ll reduce the risk of any color transfer onto your fave white tee! ;)
did you know...that.. I love you :-)
Something's been missing
#daily!! “: #OneQuickQuestion Do you have nail polish ADD? How often do you crave a color change?”
Cause even in the dark, baby I’m a shine bright. I'm way too gone, the best night of my life
Hard work pays off I tell them
Q3. Most annoying spammers you've encountered
thanks, Jan. I track him down.
Not enough talls, not tall enough talls. )-: “: ALERT: THE JCREW IN TOWSON HAS A MEN'S SECTION AGAIN #happydays”
Great night in #NOLA for a swirly treat!
yeah what a crap call. Bullshit call.
# nwsocial "people talk abt networking, I prefer to connect."
Aw thanks!
Girl! 8 of those tickets are bullshit!!! And Im freezing right now :((
280 players signed up so far. 25 hours of registration left! Don't be late... after 9pm tomorrow, there's a late fee.
Hurt me with the truth, don't comfort me with a lie
With no meetings of reference shifts today, I'm going to accomplish wonders! I hope...
Funday will help to repay charity
still here, never left. pissing off tweeps by breaking cardinal sin of taking my phone out during a movie.
yepp thats not going to happen...
LOL. There are funny people you can follow. And news outlets. And you already know how to @ reply and hashtag, so you're golden.
Plane sits all night, and it's only after pax are boarded that flight crew notices 2 tires are showing cord? Seriously ?
pick me?
bet u look hansome right now
Going for a run today. #torture Here we go!
This tea is amazing.
What's the dam deal
Probably safer. As we put it, the numbers reveal more idiocy than it is healthy to think about
my watch is zebra print with some white diamonds WOOP WOOP
Disregard women acquire aesthetics...
Nothing beats Madison in the summer, too much fun.
Lol my mom goes devil is f puffy me umm does he know that's his mom lol
z bed time
Tens of thousands die in the US every year because of greed and cowardice of Senators and Congress, and/or no health care at all.
yoyo GS or Cleveland tonight? Det or Houston? Milwaukee or Denver?
kevin hart a funny lil dude lol
Happy 10 year anniversary of Allen Iverson's "Practice" rant!!
thanks for the tip! sounds cool. Am definitely in need of something like it. Checking it out! Xo
I'm starting to wonder if the 2 weeks off for #SportingKC was really a good thing or not for them...
That's because our team isn't so dependent on the draft for 2012 like some PNW teams. :)
Would you get discount?
that is crazy, could have been the same game.
BAKE SALE RECIPES WANTED: Help! I just volunteered to bake for my daughter's preschool bake sale. What recipes do you recommend?
#season Virginia Dazzles this Holiday Season with 100 Miles of Lights
Thanks Mike! RT : Good article on Pocket Tales. You guys are doing some great work over there.
stupid providers here in the US charge crazy money for tethering :-(
What are you wishing for?
Yes! Tania is amazing :) Thanks for supporting #WaitingForLefty!
that's right!
Have you all heard about ? Please follow them for updates on their very valuable programs.
love every bit of it
All the brothas got dreads shoulda kept my hair lol
No milk will ever be "our" milk.
Unfollow this page its hacked follow my new one now
"So are you the only white girl in San Diego?" "Uhm..Pretty much."
where ARE you? In traffic? No cell service in this classroom, clearly :)
hate 2 get irritated/nasty on my b-day & everyone has the right 2 say what they want, but some NBA players need to STFU already
let me check shipping costs, but should be around $40. I'll have specific numbers in place by next week. Let me know.
no problem, I'll be here all night ;)
insulted me..Damn u and ur clever mindgames!
very true
What up Ro how is your day going
Sounds good to me, too RT : I like that tag; will use for tweets
who did she fight
An enormous mosquito just smashed into my windshield, meaning there is now some random citizen's blood on there.
it's pretty awesome - get ready!
I was there for you.... Member that?
impressed so far. Many times the #Packers offense turns it on in 2nd half. Cautiously optimistic at this point
thanks for posting the info about the forum sat. tell your friends! let's makes sure the process is open and accountable
Killin it on Red Faction
ouch... late night with the Irish lads and lasses last night. Thank God alcohol was not involved. ;-) I blame and
Responded to FIRE @ 1253 Rogers Ave, Brooklyn, NY 11226 and helped 15 Residents. Red Cross auto update.
i can't stop listening to My Chemical Romance today....it all started when i woke up with vampire money playing in my head...
Just saw Harry Potter the way God intended. As a Christian musical Hilarious!
Morning legalers....what's on ur plate for today? Any good projects ur working on?
This is the first time Iona has played the U.S. in 9 years (a great show!). www.iona.uk.com has some dates. Really excited!
just made some tandori turkey dogs...that was scrumptious!
=D it was definately an experience ahah, me and my bassist were pumped about it
Was that a bro comment?
Congratulations to our new client Theresa & Phillip. We are so excited about planning your wedding. Nuff Love!
YEs and I hope I don't irritate that one eye of yours! :)
Thanks for the RT!
RT : Eating healthy is great but if you aren't sweating, in the gym, walking, running, doing cardio/yoga, you'll be defeated.
All the girls at this party have boyfriends :(
Ok, well SOMEONE had better bring to PDX. I need to see &
"It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are." - e.e. cummings.
Just saw the biggest and nastiest spider I've ever seen crawl across my bathroom floor. I don't know where it went.
ha! finally had 2 tell them 2ask if UR friends had anything 2share! Mine would've been happy 2 talk the whole time!
Soothe stress - by learning how to handle conflicts over careers, kids, in-laws, & more.
Anyone have a clue on how much VIP tix are gonna be?
a win is a win!
hey how are you?
nobody should judge a person based on skin pigment. You did. That's not a messenger, that's racism.
Wouldn't you like to know...
We're all finally happy and stress free in this house. Even the dog realizes we're happy and is prancing around like Little Lord Fauntleroy.
Playing wsop $1600 main in west palm beach. Up to 37k from 20k starting stack at 100-200 25 ante on a really wild hand.
Heading in now ...
Now, of course, there's shipping and handling, too
Get your legal documents served by Expeditious Process Servers in Sacramento, CA.
I'll be at the Social Analytics Summit later today. Who'll be there? And is there a hashtag?
Download our latest single "How it should" <div style='width:120px; height:180px; margin:0; padding:0; border:0; background-image:url(http:
The stop at Luai's was great. We had sandwiches, coffee and crashed in the basement. Not much sleep but some rest. He has a huge cat.
The first time i read your tweet, it did not have a comma.
The Pink Cadillac that was busting out of the front of the Hard Rock Cafe Orlando has been removed. :(
He Do Not Listen At All Smh
Dumbest movie I've ever seen in my life.
I was stuffing my face with the one time I make it on there good grief
#NewEnglandPatriots ...trade 1 of the first rounders for #MJD and bring one of the best #RBs in the league to a contender
Lmfao im JK that not cool , dont drink bro
Just passed Obama on the freeway. He's driving a KIA.
& any case law you can point 2 4 making a business case in favor of open access? need to free conference proceedings
We're replumming our Facebook page. Join us for ongoing juice!
It's downloadable, so tell everybody to enjoy!
i already follow tthem.x
Where do you live at in Ohio?
Lmao yea Im about to right now shorty rock
Things I wish somebody reminded me of in grad school: your membership fees go way up when you land a job!
"Our inability to see each other as "Americans" have undermined Democracy." Heather McGhee
Will be keeping eye on Daytona and watching last hour or so of race after conference. Have to keep my rooting interest hidden.
I can't wait either
Broncos vs. Steelers 1st game of year? Sucks for manning.
Dudes called their thing Transverse Temporal Gyrus. Stay you, Animal Collective.
Note to self, next time put sunscreen on feet
Just finished up a great night of workouts. Back in the office returning emails to coaches and getting ready for a conference call.
that is beautiful
I thought it was Favre_4_ INT......
$10,000 - Wanna a photo with Mitt Romney, thats what it will cost you at a fundraiser in Arlington this week, NO THANKS
The reason for the tea party's limited success in the US is after forty years of neglecting education there are many fools
Stare that empty faced stare...
make sure you follow her on twitter, shes a great twitter friend. :)
BRUCE!!!! A #UCF sighting in San Francisco!!
Happy 1st day of #spring !
Spinach mushroom garlic tomato cheese omelette scramble, with strong, dark coffee. Nom.
I miss my baby
Thank you, Memory! :)
freeresortbeach.info New Post - Im a vegitarian looking to book.... Read it now at <html> <head><title>410 Gone</title></head> <body bgcol
I think you can pay someone to do that. ;)
Ping. Ping. Ping. That's all I hear outside.
RT“: The #Broncos brass is flying over Kansas City. Wave #Chiefs! #Manning ”
That's all about the overhead storage space.
you are apparently sitting next to my friend at the rose garden right now. Say hi!
#50liesIwasTold I'll always be there for you.
when you look good, you feel good.
Olivia Tremor Control last night. Jeff Mangum tonight. Late 90s E6 weekend!
For without Holiness no man can see God. Bible
Big time rush Is AMAGAZING!
yeah right! nice tweet, and they also check on the quality Ron RT : What really decides consumers to buy or not to buy...
Just tell me when. :)
Thanks to Pinkberry for grabbing your banners! Dying to try it..... ALL of Magazine Street needs one ;)
If I can make another one then sure :)
Watching Kevin Hart i'm a grown little mand while is asleep on my couch
Thank you for the love!
Want 2 meet this weekend but have a stupid bar mitzvah 2 go 2 y this weekend wait 4 for me jb we have the same initials ily <3
Thanks.. Ray Nagin's memoir now has its own Twitter..follow to open the vault..
www.twistaid.com/news !
There's a 95% chance you're going to end up co-managing a motel with her skeleton.
Omg had a great fucking night!!! I was hanging with , , , and
Still can't get into twitter I think it's kind of impersonal. What do you think?
it's great to hear you survived. #Running in 16 degree weather: possible but not preferable!
#wla12 smart panel on the future of libraries. School librarians are also teachers of teachers.
Breaking: LONDON (AP) -- British police say they are treating the discovery of a body on the queen's Sandringham estate as murder.
I feel like a dope ^.^ I just realized you guys have another twitter=)
(that he was being released, that is) Thanks for posting.
Going to finish Jonathan Strange & Mr. Norrell!
I don't want to do this work
I wholeheartedly agree.
RT : Great Minds...Think Alone
Baraka is an amazing film!
21% of surveyed pubs don't check metadata at all
Bo! Bummer dude about the comics! Keep your chin up!!
Apparently it's National Brownie Day on your birthday! You are obligated / encouraged to indulge! _via
weirdest dream ever
Love has nothing to do with what you are expecting to get, it's what you are expected to give - which is everything. ~ Anon
I finished the Griffith Park Trail 1/2 Marathon with my wife & running role model, Eileen Prudhont. She is amazing, I'm so lucky & proud.
I know l'm a day late, and commenting on Mad Men is like being all, "The Wire!," but... Rory Gilmore!!!
sitting in dubai airport waiting for a 1am flight. one stop in frankfurt.... only 20 hours left. easy.
How and Why to Use Mobile Marketing to Reach Your BtoB Customers | Network Solutions Small Business Resources - Mozilla Firefox...
Spent Thursday, Friday in 18th Century at Market Fair, Fort Frederick, Big Pool, Maryland. Highly recomment the event.
thats deputy prime minister of turkey for you laymen!
me too
Don't get mad because your old ass can't drive! Middle finger back at you ASSHOLE!!!!
Baseball starts in a month, and all #ESPN talks about all day is football
Great way 2 prepare 4 weekend?! EXTEND&RESTORE 2night Beverly Hills. Melt the week's tension away and rejuvenate yourself!!
I'd forgotten about Lopez until he came to bat for the Tribe just now.
Hello Mr.Wood xoxo
One of my problems is I care to much for other people that don't give a shit about me
I love #missing because turns into a total hard ass.
Sry ladies just finished cleaning old apt
Follow me I follow back.
I want to follow more people on ! Followers, send me your links or follow suggestions!
Lara Fabian - Before we say goodbye: via
no prob dude
please follow me your so beautiful and very talented :)
Don't blame me for walking away. I can't afford another heartbreak.
where are you I'm in your store!
#ReplaceBandNamesWithRape Raping Alexandria
That is not good. Haha.
*sings along* ^-^ rt : how many times can my hands hit the ground? “: How many times will the clock go around?”
difference is, you bragged about that. I didn't.
it's brutally garbage
thank you for the RT. Hope to see you on Sunday!
#ThingsInMyLifeThatArePriceless My love for
effective schooling for black and Latino children has run its course." In re PICS 2007
CHILL OUT, Its gym, not the olympics.
nice commercial.
Just saw a guy wearing Shape Ups.
My Brother Better Sit The Fuck Down Before I Go Ham On His Ass...
What the economy needs is job creation enabled by gov investment in crumbling infrastructure and green tech. NOT job killing spending cuts!!
: Talking's good, especially in Paco's little get-togethers, if he still organizes them.
I.love.coffee.
In OC who's going with for thirsty Thursday?!
Film=study Practice=class Game=exams Post season=finals
at 219 on Lavaca and 4th, grabbin a bite. Come on over!
i wish there were two of me
No friends in gym class right now super sad <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
I want to win a new car!.
I really love sleeping in :)
great write-up and cute pic! congrats!
Watching tv and eating.. being a fatass :) lol
This Friday March 16 is Say No Bullying Day throughout Australia. Wear Orange and take a stand together on Friday around the world.
Happy Birthday to Yvette.
Guess I won't be patching any of my xboxs for the new SFxT patch until the fireball/knife game breaker is gone. Long live sf4 and marvel.
No I haven't! Thanks for putting them on my radar!
Whose pumped for the NATO in chicago this year!!!!
Charles Schwartzel may have won the #Masters but Jason Daly won the Hot Wife contest!
You should be watching the Detroit State of The City.
I was just making sure you weren't in town but not hanging out with me again! :)
Um...pardon the incorrect English in my previous tweet.
Big congrats to for being the first #thatcamp SE applicant! And to the other 10 who have already thrown in their hats!
Trust no one but yourself. <3
may cause an immediate urge to seek out nearest & indulge in a savory steak. t.co/G6JdeFu
"For A City That Never Sleeps, We Must Admit We Took A Nap" - The Fellow
just resent
Pro Forma => For form's sake
over 200 breweries
Just woke up....good morning to all
Need to charge my phone
Did geno just check the ref?
I wear 14's in standard shoes and 19 in MOON BOOTS.
As a keen enviromentalist, I, like most people, only wash my hands when there's someone else in the bathroom at the same time.
yeah you are...
Aw hell nah , hahaha ion look like dued , that nigga look like he got terets or some shit.
“As I don't know about tomorrow, I never save the best for later.” ~ Paulo Coehlo ~
Going to make the first move. You won't know what happen :P
RT : Didn't feel as awkward watching The Lucky One once walked in.
just back from a recording session for next record - amazing stuff on the horizon! is working some magic!
got my Prom dress today (: ... well for my Social
A resourceful person can see opportunity when others only see obstacles." — Garrett Gunderson
the only way for me to be jealous of anyone right now is if they're sleeping because I want to so badly :(
Out of nowhere, daydreaming about some sort of gourmet pretzel. Wish there was a pretzel truck in #Chicago!
Not that I was very well pieced together when you met me
MIDWEST SWAG IN THE SOUTH 2 TOUR!!!! STARTS NEXT FRIDAY!!!! WHO COMING OUT??? IT'S GON BE A MOVIE...
THAT MOMENT: Your driving 80 and you pass CHP look up and all you see is lights and he pulls over the guy next to you
We won't show any footage for a while. Still shooting. Keep your eye out for a trailer coming soon.
She's played a Playboy bunny twice! And a tramp on #ItsAlwaysSunny. Poor girl.
Where y'all at?
Ah he puked on the Rari!! O_o
You're welcome
can u please please please call me !!! 6312918655<U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I'm going to marry a surfer. they are always so
Let's talk #Music!
Best known for her work with #FleetwoodMac, #StevieNicks performing at the Fillmore tomorrow and Sunday at 8pm
so damn tired..another 8 hours tomorrow. Getting my foamposites wit this check. fuck wit it
I think the only way I'd watch "Mad Men" is if they had a "Game of Thrones" crossover.
wtf $650 to meet i met her for free a couple of months ago... how is that fair
finally off work.. who got the drinks??
nothing im mad tired lol
Let's go grant
CO House assembled for roll call and now headed to party caucuses; won't return to floor until after 1p.
said base and child theme is a parent and child theme. 2 different themes that link together...and then he lost me.
#LT Idk how that happened though cause my co-worker is SUPER humble <U+2754>
it's all fun and games til someone loses an I (eye) cause then our name is An.
There's plenty you can do with masters in #publichealth, in epi/stats/global/family/environ/policy/management/sociomed...
went on canyon trek after a museum marathon....soaking my feet in ice now.
May I just say..."The Lord is blessing me right now" #ohhhhhhRightNow #PFAswag :)
following engaging thoughtful presentation, the mental models of "can't" surface quickly - we can learn from our questions too
Here at the cove bout to go on soon...
groundlings tonight can't freakin wait!!
you too LOVE :) have lots of FUN
Happy birthday !!
Trying out Google+, It seems to be a bit better than Facebook. Less ads and no games is a big plus for me.
Gotta wait til tomorrow to get the tickets i dont kno the promotional code
Celebrate Fat Tuesday & big savings at the gift idea shoppe! Find fun & festive madri gras gift ideas now 20% OFF!
so rude. ahha
ha, probably a little of both :)
Ah...yeah...feeling it out here in LA too!
they ever put up that battle yet??? Smh
Its all because you screwed up your sleeping schedule! Why can't everything just start later?
Damn hurry up bitch.
theyre trying to download indesign fonts on the new imac or whatever
On April 14, the #Yankees will play the Dodgers and the Giants will play the winner of that game, all in one day for one admission. [1943]
i hate havin to work at 7
looking good!
We kept the Beer Fight title! Big thanks to for a great showing - Huge thanks to all that came & enjoyed some amazing beers!
#Turbokick tonight at 7pm at the spa dance studio in newark. instructed by yours truly :) <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5>come on out!
the supply was soo funny. she's one of the best. & what were you saying in the gym today? i didn't understand :$
it's awesome isn't it! Thanks for following!
Just got back from TEDxSJU. Great lineup!
After 2 here at Sessions Stadium up 1-0 on Mercer!
really? OMG! I thought we had to do one for each tactic? Did I totally misunderstand in class? That's something I would do...
RT Be humble or be humbled.
Congrats on your upcoming wedding! You're in AZ now? My brother is a pastor who works in urban ministry in south PX. Take care!
ha! I would pay to see that!
Does your wife want a face lift?...on your house? Give it to her, and we can help paint your dreams.
I was outta wifi for a min. but im bacc
Apple or Android trendin again. Choosing a smartphone is a 1st world problem. 3rd world countries dont know they exist. Just be grateful.
Bummer when your bday goes from epic to septic #shit happends
tickets purchased!
Taylor Swift is opposed to a suggested joint "make-up" performance with Kanye West. Ha!
"We construct a multidimensional feature space..." gets me so excited!!
Maybe Landry should spend more time conditioning and less time bulking up.
awkward moment when most of your tweets are to but he doesn't reply to any of them.
Hope floats! So in order to reach it, you have to rise above negativity.
i love asking stupid questions that sound really dirty like, "do you shower NAKED?" or "do you pull down ur panties when u take a shit?"
We had an inspection with home owners of a house we're renovating and went very good!
excited about sunday for serious!!
Im awesome! xD
So is tweeting so much of his session that I don't feel I'm missing anything not being in the room
Get in your twitter questions for We'll answer the best ones live on air. Plenty to talk about tonight.
Thank you very much!
I wish I had a kitten, but I'm allergic :(
"People don't care how much you know until they know how much you care". -John C. Maxwell
#10FactsAboutMe I am in LOVE...with everything right on now lol
I'm coming to newspaper with you
#RobWilson is a gentleman.
I hope that you're the one, if not, you are the prototype. come have a drink with me! well dance at the laundry mat after xo
REPCO HAS BULK BAGS & GAYLORD BOXES FOR SALE & PROMPT DELIVERY. WE ALSO DEAL IN EQUIPMENT (BALERS/GRINDERS) & WE BUY ALL SCRAP PLASTICS!
I mean like sagging pants and shirts that can be used as a dress.
Start your weekend with our 5 for 5 appetizer special at Pepper's Bar between 5-6pm! 5 appetizers to choose from for only $5 each!
Where is the best place to get cheesecake in #Milwaukee!?
I mean was I not supposed to? And plus I believe you listen to Future.
3 runs then hold them, please!
I am receiving excessively high RG&E bills & they won't help me figure out why. Who can help me?
i know right! bahaha i never woulda guessed
The great Cuban percussionist, Ignacio Berroa, with his quintet at Yoshis SF Monday Feb 1. A master of of all styles...con tremendo swing!
blow dry her hair
kerrrrrrrrrrrrrriiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn your profile makes my head hurt but i like it lls
just stay on this one I just got really confused but yeah and wow just wow smh
Starbucks & sunshinee(: Ah!
We got our copy of "Allergic Like Me" By Michelle Meyer-Devlin this weekend. We love it! We're buying it for all of DD's friends.
taking a nap cuz im sleepy dnt forget to give me some songs to sing for my #YouTube videos please THX and
Enjoy the little things, for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things
Well. That was fun.
I need a good laugh #Dr Phil and #TO wonder if its on you tube
thanks for the RT :)
Dear Hoes, Your Worthless, Mean, Use People, Tryna Be Cute.Well Yhur Not People Hate You Even More Of Wat You Do. You Make Your Life Worse.
Thanks for the intro you wonderful lady!
pleasure, happy to lose again next year.
wow! Hope u worked stickhandlingwiththepuck in somewhere!
Loved the pencil sharpener story. The artist seems to be brilliantly combining sincerity, satire & humor. U captured it perfectly
Gotta be something, right? This also screws our trading Sessions for something...
seriously foul before the 3 attempt here
Thank you for sharing our cause!
no problem, you can go back to unfollowing me now
Hit the lights about to start
; Kony 2012 . Like if you know what it's about .
Thanks for the RT. Hope life is good bud. Keep killing it on the field!
Content-aware move tool... Blur gallery... bravo impressive features in the new Photoshop CS6!
I like that quarter cup of tequila!
Guys stop spamming Bailey, he's new to twitter and he might be confused on what is going on. The last thing he needs is a spam.
That's cuz the beach ppl know what's up RT they went awesome the beach people like me
I like it!
Me and Austin had an amazing one on one basketball game in gym today! :D He totally creamed me, but it was so fun! We couldnt stop laughing!
Yo had anyone seen ? Or did he put his life on private too???
A snowy and sparkling Merry Christmas to us!
being so productive today
a future. Where others have to entertain the reality that they will not eat for the rest of the week, will not have a place to lay their
Material Girl | The Weeknd
Can't wait to get my hands on Mike Philips slides for incorporating into my operations plan.
it's almost the same
Thats it ... when i have a Son ... ima name em after me Manuel Joshua De La Cruz :)
OK. Also, would you care to donate to my cousins fund? He's 9 years old and was diagnosed with brain cancer. Anything helps.
“But you guys were a couple! You had someone to go places with, you had a date on national holidays.”
u laughing but Im dead serious
Dang! Metta might as well bring the whole team down! Asshole!
Right before I die, I'm gonna to say to whoever is next to me, "I left a million dollars in the..." ;)
too bad I didn't get picked for duets...maybe someday we'll get to work together!
Great session on incorporating social learning into sales training.
oh my i was goin nuts. i cant believe we pulled that off. suddenly this is a new series!!!
I really wish Emma would wake up and start seeing that the curse is real!
TYSM! You have been a great cheerleader!! So happy!
My friend has them we're on season 7:)
Oh. I get it. You're gonna help win the election for your party by disenfranchising tax paying citizens who vote. Let me know how it goes.
By nature single women will look for the best of the species to breed with. They are looking for potential mates.
i woke up about a half hour ago n cnt fall back asleep. So im just chillin. Haha
Im sorry for my bro's loss . Smh ..
Long day, but I have made it. Less than 24 hours from now, I'll be done with my first year of college.
Hey Tweet friends, just dropping in... Watching Maury it's a crazy topic as usual lie detector, and cheaters!
Nevermind no choir
Trying to figure out dinner
when random ass people tell me that me and are good together <3 >>>>
have fun! i'm jealous - that place, and the people, are magic!
How can we help you and your home today (:
Omge two of my followers ( & ) need to get tf alone cough cough !!
Get a copy of "Shakespeare Wallah", a #merchantivory film with a young, handsome #shashikapoor. It's a gem!
I just saw this commercial for "The Game" coming on tonight and Derwin is starting to piss me off! He's a jerk
I was doing SO good avoiding the office cake, but then got hungry 'cause I didn't bring enough for lunch.
It's April fools day!! APRIL FOOLS! No it's not!!... APRIL FOOLS AGAIN!! Yes it is!! ha. I got you.
Guy in front of me on flight listened to Keisha song on repeat... For 45 minutes.
Vulcanize the whoopee stick
Listening to an interesting presentation on #linkeddata from librarians at the National Library of Sweden.
Don't be mad at me.. Talk to God. He has given me everything I've ever wanted.
don't tweet an walk you walk into random Walls that jump in your way #ThisJustHappen :/
Moonpies #Talladega media center..totally shocked. Was expecting carrots and apples.
I'm filling my boards now! Follow me!
It's "BRING A FRIEND" Week here at Wild Workouts & Wellness! Bring a friend with you to class...for FREE through this Saturday!
": I need all the hood shiiiiiiit!!!!! 3TIMEZ"=it's on
Going to spend much of the day trying to catch up on #CodeYear. I hear there's a game on this evening, too.
I probs have a thing in my season pass booklet to make it cheaper!!!!!
i was just replying to your most recent tweet..
Good jam seshh at Vibe Asylum... Got some new songs down tonight soundin cherry! See you at Imua Lounge Mar. 30th!!!
that was on the spot thinking that was!
Internet stores are open 24/7. Real ones should be too.
He was such a proud papa this weekend. Couldn't tell enough people that he's got two SU graduates now.
Buffy- I abhor the ads that have pummeled me with Evernote. Hydra-like, keep changing settings, keep appearing.
OMG! Best day ever<333
Thanks for helping spread the word on ! Looking forward to seeing you there.
$EFOI Is holding 74 relevant lighting patents.
i like to find creepy dudes creeping on girls on twitter and look at them and tell myself that I'm 1000 times cooler than them (cuz i am)
Why does it have to rain
HOLY SHIT!! #BELIEVEtour comes out this month!!!!!! Ah can't believe it's finally here :) I'll be meeting you this time <3
Worrying does not empty tomorrow of it's troubles ... it empties today of it's strength. - M. Engelbreit #findthepositive thx
Wonderful hot day to see the cherry blossoms in DC, because there will be rain (as usual) on Saturday and Sunday.
Still looking for a way to sell video-on-demand in #Virtuemart So far commercial solutions are encrypted or hack core or try to encrypt core
U2 ;D
dhhfgjg to do it or to not do it? I'll see if I can get it done!
Who wudda guessed that & President Eisenhower were in the same chapter, if not on same page.
Trying to make me some fake dreads. xDD And that sucks about your shoulder.
Have a #safeflight1D! see you boys in 6 weeks :)
#Windows 7 Backup and Restore images drives...huh...and to think I spent two hours trying to figure out why #Acronis wasn't starting imaging
Hurrying up and doing the dishes so i can watch my Peyton on #shortywards Good Luck Pey! I really hope you win!
Hell! Yeah! Now go to bed!
Ive just started using tweetdeck, what an awesome tool!
I hate when people "opens up a can of worms".... It makes me think of a can of worms
she will drag you in by your bow tie, ha!
hey Dave follow back please (: and do you remember me ?
not fearing Serena which is why JCap & Henin had great rivalries with her.
we forgot to say (excuse our tardiness), thank you for the encouragement. Glad you enjoyed the panoramas!
The tweet is back at the bloody ford garage. Don't think he has experienced a mad English woman before and I never swore once lol!
We're not all bad...
hello! how am i able to purchase your products?
Im already thinking about going back! Takin some time off first then going back probably ;)
I wonder if vampires have trouble using smart phones because of the touch screen.
Another thing, about brown and white eggs. I need not tell you we do not eat the shells. The inside of each is the same. [1944]
We are having tech difficulties Contact BCH office @ 585-475-7814 and we can fix. thx
cute ass sexy girlSat
And now in English, please?
No official work out - lifted a lot of boxes.
excuse me I'm trying to find my ball..... this is golf.
I also love in so high on a marlon
Birk family thanksgiving bball. Forgot how angry small children can get
you bringing some of those Armenian ass kicking skills down to Tampa for ?
Hi PGF, What would you place the odds at that full blown sports betting will be in AC casinos by 2014?
Condit won the fight but lost me as a fan. He fought to win and succeeded, but I like fighters that fight to finish.
oh i better watch out my sister said she can hire someone to kill me.
Today's lineup : Higher Ground, Patang, and Take Shelter
i love you i just wanted you to know that!!!:)
IN GOD WE TRUST
I still use a Tide pen. Is that weird?
Can you follow? I want to DM you a quick question...
Having fun? What have you liked the best so far this week?
So glad you liked it! RT : Just read the Mama Makeover article in Sept issue; what a great inspiration!
Yes!!!! up 4-1 on a 2rbi drive up the middle by :)
what u gonna call it?
i'm all ears.
True that! Either way, it's all about asses!
#Love takes off masks that we fear we cannot live without and know we cannot live within. #HappyValentinesDay! <3
RT On the 8th Day of X-Mas, gave to me... at , courtesy of ! RT to win!
Hey, nothing much, and what about you
A rich, crazy person would do it unfortunely. You would be surprised what certain folks would do nowadays.
Let me guess...... Are u watching
what is criminal is their ignorance.
Yes!!! 5 free donuts left!!!! #letsmeetthewife :)
I have some opinions but 5 ppl sounds like a disposing of a body....but I really don't know. I'm not a professional.
As crazy as my life is, listening to anything by keeps me humble, #AMAZING #REALMUSIC is hard to find, thanks guys :)
Let's go #Rangers! #BeatThePanthers!
okay, please email me your info, bio, contact # to . Looking 4wd to know all about y Nicole Loves Fire!
It's 57°F out and I'm driving around in my MINI.
I either wanna do soccer next year or baseball. But I don't know if I could due to me probably sucking in them.
your voice is amazing
Yesterday is history. Tomorrow is a mystery. Today is a gift. That's why it's called the present.
#nowplaying Art Ensemble of Chicago - Ouffnoon
lol nah I love Brooke, just still weird though
Do you know what's in those Terms of Use you just signed? Did you even know that you signed them?
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>RT : For real though, Leticia is perfect <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AF>
Happy and safe Holidays to all of my followers
I'd love to know who that hot guy in the bar was last night.
Your website contact form, isn't working. I need to speak with the Director of Communications or a Press Officer. Help, please?
I hope you get motorboated by a fucking porcupine!
A fairly simple (2 day) change just made this game 2x as fun. Hooray! Now I'm going to have a beer.
I agree, they look legit
How about all three?
looking forward to this EP everyone is talking about.
Looking forward to the game at 5pm PST!!
Getting some breakfast and going snowboarding!
I did trust you. I told you. Everything. That was hard. I never told anyone exactly everything. But I told you..and we did stuff.
COMPLETELY broke mine too! Felt like a really bad dream. :( ... Next year!
RTRTRT“: Once a player always a player.”
wow thats a great deal for both sides
i hate dreams they make me think too much
Liking me for me and liking me liking you are like, two totally different things.
but not as cool as standing with a cardboard cut out...
geekin' out over here.
The wisdom of the wise is knowledge applied and the love of haters is venom.
Listening to Rainbows! Most underrated dude in the game.
#ThingsTougherThanBlakeGriffin Dakota Fanning
- on marketing webseries, go to your dream audience online incorporate those influencers "stunt casting"
Love the taste of fresh breast after brush my teeth. Then I go to starbucks
For Wednesday in the month of June, we'd like these dates filled: 6th, 20th, 27th.
Congratulations to Viola Davis, Octavia Spencer and the entire cast of "The Help" for their #SAGAwards !
Well the world didn't end today.
Trying to find a salesperson in Louisville any ideas
This doesn't look live.
TLC_edu Thanks for following...
omg yes!!! he was just on punkd I almost died
anyone walking across today.. just so you know a simple SKC hoody is not near enough clothing.
RT if you have RSVPed to #NZWineDay! Mark your calendars; the event takes place February 5th!
Count me in!
Not only does CLT have the "fanciest" bathrooms around, but they also have a Pinkberry in Terminal D. Both reminded me of you. :)
That woman made my decision so much easier
They were cara cara oranges. I just bought another bag. Delish!
is having lunch courtesy of Sandal's Resorts.
Raise the Jolly Roger!!!
I doubt they have a policy to allow dogs. It's the people who break the policies that are inconsiderate.
i'm camo down to my boxers
Los Angeles, CA United States
Season 2 of Teen Wolf needs to come ASAP!!! The trailer is insanee! =O
I'm so excited to go home, forget everything, & cook! (What is wrong w/ me?) I'm making peanut mango stir fry & my mouth's already watering!
nice! Jr smith rt me
Mom throws Nicki's Ex under the bus in 3,2,1.
Starting my last final of the school year. My summer is about to start, answering the question of, "What do you like about being a teacher."
Im sleepy now.....z
dress normal so that on tuesday VALENTINES DAY you can get all spiffyd up lol
San Diego show with Jeffree Star, It Boys and more on Nov.11th. Show is going to be insane! Finally back in SD and playing a hometown show!
+ = my new favorite Sportscenter duo.
Old school, we can appreciate that.
great find!
welcome to CO RT Historic trip to see Ed reform being rolled out so we can learn and ensure MPS kids have great school options.
Thanks for the shout out!
Being healthy is all about making choices. Taco Time NW seems to understand this; that’s why there are so many ways to customize.
or atleast wear a bag over your head
. i would think the far right would want them to get married. No married dude ever gets head or anal.
Its that time of the year...What dance recital song are you tired of hearing year after year? (Even if you still use it yourself)!
Scott boras, will you be my life agent...
Something ain't right
Laurie Heusinger Toggle It! A Guide To Reboot Negative Emotion's author, interview by Bill Becker,1/30 @ 8:05 am on US 1 Radio News Network.
well deserved!
A quick phone chat with my dad always makes my day a little brighter #happy He's such a pirate
Just got tix to your show in Chi. I want my money back.
RT : Good Morning!>>> Good morning to you! Navy nurses ROCK!
Already at work
right?!? It's right here in our back yard and, yet, we seem to forget that...they ARE hosting an event for #ypweek tho
Congrats to all of the graduates. Proud to say that our three seniors earned degrees today. Go !
My man! Thanks! If you're ever up late, tune into from 10pm to midnight. Music + Sports = Great show!
Goodnite tweeters n Cameronaters. BTW if I tweet random words like "Start" or "Stop" Its cuz Im using twitter tweets from my fone Im si ...
follow me please you and megan are both so beautiful and talented :)
Texting and knowing that he's playing COD because of how slow it takes for him to reply #loser <3 bahaha.
“: I like how my mom yells at me to hurry up & when I'm finally ready to go, she finds something she has to do before we leave ..”
Just discovered that Google Chrome deleted half my bookmarks. No backups available, and Chrome itself didn't make any. That really sucks.
"I was growing up listening to Queen...F. Mercury threw those incredible melodies into his songs."~G. Cherone Which Queen songs for Jammit?
i haven't creeped 's twitter page in a while lolololololol
Get laid? Of course!
I keep smelling dog treats for some odd reason .
That's 11 in the books. King 2, Churchill 2. If King wins, they'll have to play at least seven more.
hope you found them useful!
it be the best present i ever had and promise i would try not to touch your ass if you dont let me lol
Since Tom Brady isn't playing tonight, I guess Chris Collinsworth will have to stick his nose up Drew Brees ass.
Good start, lets hope the American people are smart enough to give you a chance to do more
LOVE YOUR VIDEOS! :D
yes it is working right now
This In 'n Out was very disappointing. . .
Weekly TV show Shin Do Kumate' Strykerz fighting skills and me founder and Fighter. www.shindokumate.com.
RT : Thanks for the amazing feast yesterday! cc
looking forward to claiming my prize and taking advantage of this opportunity. Thank you! -Alejandra
is impossible that you see this tweet but im from uruguay and i have a dream that never will come true but im trust423
I am glad u approve. Haha I was blacked out
What u givin me the sad face for?
To BE Honest ! *(: They mad b/c they cant see Prod lmfaooooooooooooo
I HATE the TV show MASH...HATE IT!!!
MT : Any last-minute teaching-related links for March Teaching Carnival ? Send them along, please (billiehara)
- Did you try the pizza? Or maybe a lot of sit-ups & jumping jacks? Or taco truck food....that usually clears me out.
If adjuncts make up more than 1/2 your faculty, shouldn't we have more than 1/2 of the seats on the governing bodies?
NBA Playoffs! 76ers up!
so ready to fall asleep in the sun!
THATS TRUE ,, PEEP MY POLE GURL JAM WEN U FIND TIME COLAB THIS THA DALLAS O.G BUT THA JAM IS AT MYSPACECOM/OGBIGGTRAI187
bacon strips on bacon strips with jack daniels syrup!
MICHAEL BAY SAYS "CHILLAX!"
The Jake and Kyle Show will talk #NFL, #NBA, #MLB, #UNR. listen to it on www.wolfpackradio.org
The Puccias are 50% off tonight....
Too bad for them. Next time...
Is anybody there? Can anybody help?
#Celtics all day everyday!
"To argue that human rights abuses occurring in Haiti, Guatemala, or Rwanda are unrelated to our surfeit in the rich world requires that
r u changing ur plans today b/c of incoming snow? give us a shout before 5am-- we'll post responses on our 4:25am newscast!
yeah, and I had to wait a few minutes, nothing out of the ordinary. El Nino was pretty yummy!
did you know cars move on their own?
I don't live in eagle, but I can meet right outside the door :D
Survived a group interview for my master's program this morning, I think that deserves a margarita tonight right? :)
The Pineda for Montero trade is on the verge of being one of the most disastrous trades in Yankee history
I'm walking too!!
thanks for the follow!!
Agreed. How could they be passing lanes when everyone knows they're really parking lanes?
I think its funny when you call someone out on their shit they delete you off facebook
When tells you about a secret door and you try to find it.
for sure following back! :) thanks so much for the shout out!! :) and nothing much really just set on replying to people :)
yeahh but its ok she hates me too soo that just makes us #TWINZZZ even though we already are
omg, I knew that was you!
Ah, so that's the reference. Nice!
Stop blaming the world for your problems when you yourself are the problems, but remember, you are also the solutions.
That is beautiful!! Almost too pretty to eat!! Have a great day!
WARNING ***** THIS IS A CRAZY GIRL WHO LIVE IN SWITZERLAND AND CAN´T HER DREAMS NOT LIFE CAN U HELP ME TO MAKES MY DREAM TRUE
I'm hungry I need some food!
“Coming together is a beginning. Keeping together is progress. Working together is success.” - Henry Ford
hope you find her ! don't scare the directioners outta the fandom Lol (;
We are starting the day with 3,996 followers. Who is going to be # 4,000?
Finish them CAPS! Hendricks is the unsung hero of this team
I'll keep my shit protected for a week, see if that works .
“ #Retweet if you are a little,tiny bit,nt so much nervous for college this fall”
what have you guys done so far?
my vote is more toward his genes than an energy drink - just my biology background coming out...
THANK YOU EVERYONE WHO TUNES INTO OUR ACOUSTIC PERFORMANCE!
guys they're taking album requests
Hey #WHCD - F--- it, just let Obama host the Oscars.
#Packers Nick Perry LB USC! We need HIM
memphis needs to continue to left Gay and Randolph dominate the ball and left Mayo abd conely be spot up shooters
#10ThingsIWantToHappen I want to be happy.
Sad to hear about the passing of Davy Jones. He'll forever be the cute one from the Monkees who kissed Marcia Brady on the cheek. RIP
Waiting for the #kitty, infected canine tooth #ouch!
. is helping celebrate OB's 125th Anniversary with a nice pale ale. But you can only buy in OB. Happy 125th Bday OB!
New Song Ft. Gorilla Zoe & Scottie Coming Soon!!!!
Getting my salsa dancing lessons in tonight..
wish I saw this!
I know, right? I haven't seen many vids that can top that one! Brilliant.
For QBs with height issues, I think I'd choose short -- Russell Wilson -- over tall and gorky -- Brock Osweiler
are you a man? then you should be at man night tonight!
great game and great win tonight JB!
We all move on , but your still stuck in the past , everytime you see me , you get another flashback , fuck that, i dont want you back .
Thanks, And thanks for building the Timbers Army into the greatest supporters club in the universe. Brilliant!
its good. We prolly gonna finish up on Saturday so it's click pow if you dnt show
Happy Women's Day! - Feliz Dia de la Mujer!
I've been feelin' real good, came a long way from misunderstood
you're crowd surfin right? <3
Parking st baltimore airport. Each spot has a sensor so you know where the empty spots are. Neat idea !
Points might be tough to come by
this is actually the first movie i have ever seen in 3D I am in the theater tripping lol
it has made me aware of lil'Boozie.
Playing records tonight with Dixie & Sean! Also will be there to serve up ding dong sauce!
Just tapped Flying Dog Double Dog Imp. IPA 11.5%. Last of its kind in WA.
Ross Lynch <U+E106>
I can not wait to see new video .. NEXT 2 YOU.. SO AMAZING
Do you use reddit?
Jack White's Blunderpuss streaming live on iTunes
cheap mixed margarita lol
The year is already looking brighter!
I'm seeing all this hate on twitter . Like seriously guys ? Just leave it alone..It's noting big .
Notice me someday..
DC CALLER: Soros funded group CPI feels above the law after illegally hacking a site after counsel said not to. George is , why not them,?
That. Awkward moment when he asks you to homecoming ......
just because i have a couple bad habits doesn't mean i have an addictive personality.
it's official. The twitter handle has changed... Good luck J!
In 1872, Susan B Anthony was arrested and convicted of attempting to vote. In 1979 the U.S. minted a dollar coin in her honor.
Mqn sick wit da flu is some ugly shit real talk.
Apparently BOB thought same bout me LOL": She had that "I used to be pregnant" stomach hanging out #throwup"
much respect to u bro!! So ready for the Summer Olympics! U need to make the still shot of u beating Usain Bolt in the 100 ur avi
saw someone say 'zayn malik makes smoking cute' - seriously though? Millions of people die from smoking and also from passive smoking (c)
Thank you guys!
you're right. My bad.
hahaha you watchin the Charlie Murphy skit with Prince??
Tweet 1,400 goes out to my brothers and for always being there for me and never giving up on me. Love u guys!
WE MISS YOU!!!
If you wanna ride you need to give me cash or grass.
4 Leaf Clovers?
Cool!! Let's try and grab coffee or lunch!
Heading out for lunch before tying the knot
Ongoing study of the problems of the #incarnation and the #exegesis of #prophecy and #eschatology with a
#4C12 is coming to a close. Thanks to all that stopped by our booth! We had a blast!
We Carry all Sexy Hair Products! Get Silky Sexy Shampoo and Conditioner today! Best Product for
Life is beautiful. And getting better by the minute.. So blessed Xo
I hate when ppl steal my side of the bed.
your'e good, just wanted to make sure:)
gluten-free buckwheat crepes
I did both! Thanks for your suggestions! :o)
Everyone play Diablo I, I hate you.
Thanks for dinner, babe. I love you!
Long days even Longer nights
I seriously am obsessed with s half smile:) ah! It kills me
Braden-Rapp's tribute to Billy Strayhorn in double bill with Vijay Iyer at Manchester Craftsmen Guild, Pittsburgh, April 29. bradenrapp.com
OMG did people feel the earth quaking?
Why can mcdonalds never get anything right
So I was and others playing ball. Had a good time :-) God is good ALL the time!
cute!!! Green butterfly today! :D you must have some green on you I'm sure :) love it!
Please Baseball Jeebus please let the phillies win
Mike Emrick's going to be lucky to have a voice after this series is over.
Same here
I'm very happy only 10 more followers until I reach 100 <U+E057><U+E00E><U+E00E><U+E00E><U+E420>
im pretty far away but i took some and some videos :)
fucking had to go home bc of my bro. -.-' but I know hes really sorry bout it.. and i feel bad for him.. he did let us down but he feels so
Ah! Bonnie Raitt performed "Right Down the Line" on The Colbert Report recently. Wonderful! Must buy Slipstream!
Okay thanks(:
Not every PR firm or PR dept. of the company is like that but YES it can be harsh especially few days before the show or award.
my favorite victoria secret angel, alessandra ambrosio, is pregnant! congrats!
that's what's up
Happy New Year! What projects can we get started for you?
double digit attendance for #whymentor with come on over and join us.
yoo!Devin lol haven't talked to you in forever...
": come on guys! he is so close to 1500! folllooowwwww ps im interviewing him monday if anyone has questions"
SXSW is in full swing. Drop in for a free bag of doggie goodies! www.austinloftydog.com
Ryan Tannehill is a 3x academic all big 12. Mad respect.
Work Hard, Chill Harder.
HUGS to you.
Sorry I haven't been posting my story! When we got hacked I couldn't post and I've just been too busy to post any. I'll start back soon.
son las 23:37 y a ya ?
Angry much?
. has found her groove with #csls treasurer trng - she's got jokes, addressing questions, coming up with good examples. awesome!
I'm an American and I support a public option for health care.
so what's new w u?
“: More reports: Junior Seau has reportedly committed suicide... #Chargers”
Bed time <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
I'm aware of them, but I'm suggesting integration on your webpage to make it a one-stop destination for info.
What's ms up to tonight?
letterpress invitations and more
Ur welcome:-) if you know others please have them order: it's time for this to change!
It's funny. Storm coming. Okay, thanks and have a restful sleep. Goodnight, sweet dreams.
that will be viral in no time. Just add a caption.
Same to you!
Brownies, although I'm thinking of subsituting nutella for the butter - extra chocolate-fudgy goodness!
Nearly, but not just yet! Working through the rest of the bay, nearly done with the 1853 estuary maps.
what kind of dogs do you have?
Baby Gabriel case: Messages flew between principals
Happy New Year! Here are the top 10 #concerts of 2010 - www.theconcertstage.com/blog/index.html
that was you?! aww i didn't hear your name! thanks for calling in!
Thanks for the RT! We loved that graphic. Got our days started out the right way!
if anyone sends me a message from TrueTwit validation services and that the only thing you sent me you will be block and marked as spam.
HE FOLLOWED ME AH!;D
what's the deal with Porcello's delivery? I thought the starting overhead was here to stay.
I hate when I get into these stupid moods. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
- *most* people, but not all :)
So I've heard. I live in Long Island City now, tho I'm moving soon. What I'll say is this: Montreal might make a better wife.
The football eye candy..good. gawwwwwd
I get the gay reality and music shows but I really miss the movies...new actual gay and lezzy movies.
what are you talking about? Only 52 people see these?
Awesome. :) That's right up there with a friend of mine who claims that Swedish is the language of the future!
Yeah, we're gonna go to the movies in a bit :)
FAITH! I have it...and I will make it through this next leg of the semester. I believe, trust, and know that this to shall pass. :)
it looks so bad -- really sad because I loved #SweetHomeAlabama so much
Ah man.....the new Kellz. It lacks both the uplifting qualities of "Happy People" and the raunch from something like "Double Up".
I've been writing you a millions time to tell you abt my dream of starting a Diaper Bank but, I experienced some challenges.
i could say the same(:
It lays the foundations for a future of change, a bridge across our fears of what has never been before
Check out the new website for ! Kudos to for the web design!
"Seriously mom,we needa go to the doctor" "For what,your third nipple?" " has 4 nipples..." "What is he,a cat or dog?"
Hearing good things about you guys. RT : You can start anytime! Let us know!
#LNYHBT Has anyone heard about the new book by Jose Rodriguez? He wz the head of the CIA after 911
That's a worthwhile motto for life and hot chocolate. RT : It never hurts to stop & enjoy.
So sick and tired of people & media whining about price of gas. I'm rooting for $8.
yeah and you don't think Hartman does the same, that's what you're saying?
don't complain!
Ahh! Thanks. Happy
Burn more calories, increase your endurance, and burn more belly fat with high-intensity interval training.
Is it bad I don't want to go bridal registry shopping. Some guy told me it took him & his wife 6 hrs What r u shopping 6 hrs for Like really
Dear Sven... that goal was SICK NASTY...
Light a nice one up n hit the buffet
Normally I hate shows at the Bradley Center, but the Black Keys f'n killed it tonight
i dont know that song :(
u wrong cuz
Thx for the heads up - would be nice to drink it on cask.
We can't wait to get started. I'm going to shoot you a call later this week.
This is actually a vinyl sticker so you can even put it on the window if you want. They last FOREVER.
hahaha I will! Just for shits and gigs.
Bend but don't break....
If you don't have something in front of my name, no one on your TL can actually see it unless they follow ME too.
you too!!
Where do you dream of studying abroad?
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans.
Thanks EvlBert! Akira and I have shot together, she is yummy!! Will post pics for ya!
good one. The bust a move was good too. Thanks!! It's on now!
that doesn't count traitor.
feels good
Omg unblocked Internet!
Very good point! We have a similar contest in the works that Twitter users will benefit. You'll hear about it very soon, promise! ;)
What a sunny morning. I don't think my eyes opened from the bus door to the green room.
God still does miracles. Today, I saw one.
Very cool! RT LLC grad students' and my podcasts mentioned today in 's "You Don't Say" blog! bsun.md/mOGe5G
Things will never be the same nomore
when you click "Save" at the bottom of the window appears a link - just copy and paste it!
not even in your dreams whimp!:)
Seem to be a lot of people sleeping in today...
"I learned that on Madagascar..." -
Happy Mother's Day everyone from all of us here at GalTime! We hope you have an amazing day!
76ers expect healthy Derrick Rose - ESPN
The weather is perfect for a visit to #lincolnparkzoo on #LeapDay! While you're out, stop by for a tour!
I have those same concerns.
Not BT enough to get hooked at any of those places, but keep thinking I don't pummel Moby Dick's chicken kabobs on the regular!
FOLLOW ME.... MISS ALEXIS TODD!! I AM SHOOTING FOR 1000 !! LETS DO THIS.. SPREAD THE WORD!! THANKS
Taking my girl on our date night, Bucca di Beppo's, then a movies.
How lovely!
Is that a good movie?
Nice! Spread some color our way. ;)
Look outside...IT'S PING PONG WEATHER! What a nice day to close your Chase account and get a free meal to eat in our patio!
Its crazy how we always speak on the internet or on the phone, but in person it's like I'm not even here. :-/
No clue how today is going to go...moving cubicles? Hopefully there will be work to do, but if not, look forward to home tonight with M & H!
Hey everyone, less then 2 weeks until the #FreedomWalkNYC!!! Make sure you tell your friends to join us and Unite for Freedom...
Here we go....up with Adam Wexler and Rank 'Em
Yes the cradle, cradle will rock I say rock on. Hey! Rock on-Van Halen, And The Cradle Will Rock
Thank you Christy!
#19MillionMonsters U Rock!! We Love U, GaGa!!
These ?s should help you narrow down your choices so you know where to begin your search for a scanner. Contact us with other ?s
Omaha, NE, was nice to be on today's date in 1893 as I chugged through by train.
Tweet me a number and a question and I'll tell you which boy(z) you look good with! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+2764>
Hey! Where are you at now? Still in Jax.? I'm in Miami now, but had moved to NY for a bit.
Good brody.. I here you be on that 2k12 you need to get at me.
; We Have a bond that's unbreakable & its not time to let it go [we're in love] & now that we know its real. . .
I've been feeling weird this past week. I feel so tired everyday. );
Great! Shoot us an email whenever you'd like to submit!
Trust is like paper, once crumpled up, it can’t be perfect again.
thank you so much for the quick dm you are awesome =]0
Animal House Tuesdays<U+261E> $3 THREE OLIVES ALL NIGHT W/ STUDENT ID CARD<U+261E> $4 WELLS & CALLS/ $3 BEERS<U+261E> 1AM POWERHOUR SINGLES BECOME DOUBLES TIL...
we now have sweet potato at #losangeles #orangecounty #costco so pop in and grab a bag (or 2 or 3)
the twitterlong about Justin...
What's your favorite touchdown play? Get the #ChevyGameTime app and answer trivia for a chance to win Chevys.
Was told last night that if I'm always happy, then I can never actually be happy. Not true. Sometimes I'm ecstatic.
MAJOR announcement about The Vinyl Affair reunion tomorrow at 2. Stay tuned to FB and twitter. // PLEASE RT
Pain and joy are arteries of the same heart & mourning & dancing are but one long movement in the symphony of God.
I have to say though that this phone makes me feel less lame drinking alone on a Friday night
Can i Get a AMEN!
what?! pinkberry is my favorite!
Nashville Crew Goes Behind The Scenes With ABC’s “The Bachelorette”
is my idol, he goes through so much bullshit & haters. I can never thank him enough for that.
The Old 1997s
“: Sometimes a simple "hey" can mean everything.”
I am so excited to see your face!
either can we
I'm so tired I can't sleep? This sucks.
Thank you! It was fun & I'm glad I did it. Happy New Year!
Just move to Seattle for your KEXP fix :)
ringaling! Hello?! HI Cathie!! Thanks for following! #Mofones loves #art !! :)
ahem like me xD
Question (maybe has answer?) is there a software out there that aggregates data/influence for a group of twitter handles?
I'm your friend :3
Can u please follow me? (: make my day
hahaha i wrote " to to" instead of "to watch"
Closed for summer vacation; reopning after Labor Day.
Amen to that! : Who's going to download an app for every company?...The foundation should be a mobile site
the dog in the background looks like a doll. Looks so tired too.
Even without today I feel like I should be watching three films regardless
When people waste your time &lt;.
Wouldn't it be wonderful if cell phones came with tasers? :)
Just saw this. Thanks for visiting us the other night.
Taking advantage of the free WiFi while waiting for Asheville connection at Charlotte airport.
great meeting all of you. Super geeked.
I think it's an iPhone haha
Usually picks up as the year goes on as the weather gets more consistent, especially amongst students.
As shared recently on A&E's production, "The Drew Peterson Biography" (ORC) is ready to launch contractually: www.OnlineRehabClinic.com
most special tweet ever
Happy weekend!! I never got to ask which store you're working at!!
yo wassup dude. U wanna work on a project together? U heard of the i-cubed grants @ UF?
is always chomping at e bit to try new things, but remembers that priority is student learning.
hopefully it's something in the afternoon :)
yeah man. Just now caught the hang of it lol. When are you stopping by? Milton is coming by tonight
i wish i could close my eyes and then open them and be in nashville
Get the excitement of a game and pleasure of a win. Useful product line is available at incredibly low prices....
I'm sorry, but my sensors indicate that you are indeed a weenie.
Heading to the coast with my sister and grandson! It is a good day.
Hey - I have openings Tuesday, 11/1, from 8:30-9:30am and 11am - 1pm. If anyone is interested in coming for a workout it's on the house!...
oh my goodness that is hilarious
Thanks love <U+2764>
U must be MOON in AQUARIUS cuz U got all that money & dress like: FUCK U I WEAR WHAT THE FUCK I WANT...I SALUTE U
In the works of creating amazing choreography for an upcoming showcase. Don't miss Allegro's upcoming shows to find out.
And we record the album in two weeks. Congress House Studios to lay down tracks. Mixing in Berlin Germany late Dec. Surprises forthcoming
Landed - let the C19ing start!!
New overlapping definitions of media co's to include #Craigslist #eBay All those creating & publishing content
its now or never. We at home too...
Fair Play movie premiere tonight, 7pm at the B Spot in DC. Arrive EARLY due to limited parking!!!!
Second half of the day
Hey Duders and Duderettes! As we all prepare for our appointments on this fine Thursday, remember that the early bird always gets the worm!
Hon Veasey: Public thinks judges know their campaign contributors; blind committee is anachronism
Dude... it's going to get crazy!
when does the next good vibes come out?
RT : So glad my won tonight. As said, "Great teams find a way to win ugly games!!"
I started my first job out of law school 31 years ago today
Good to see Team Assassin bak on the grind,
The first 10 ppl to DM there Full Name, Phone Number and Email get a free photo shoot courtesy of -YKMD
Amateurs hope, professionals work. Kanin, Garson
#Shoutout to all the followers, may you all have a blessed day and week!
Don't judge a woman until you've walked a mile in her uncomfortable, totally impractical, high heeled shoes.
Woke at 4 am, couldn't go back to sleep. At 5 am, I did Yoga Booty Ballet's Burlesque workout. Interesting start to my day, for sure!
Why do students keep addressing me in email as Mrs.? Whatever happened to using Ms.?
Public domain is the rule, copyright protection is the exception.
You are very welcome :)
what is your number?
Kick em... Good luck buddyRT : i told my boy Todd Dunivant who plays for the galaxy to give you a good kickin.
Come to the Home and Garden Market in Dallas and Houston in Sept. “from ceilings to floors... and more!” www.thehomeandgardenmarket.com
Follow back cute :)
Get down to Lottie's as soon as humanly possible - Nick is ripping it up with The Lottie's Mule! Rye, strawberry, ginger ale!
very cool. Appreciate the response too. Love the product. Working on rolling out to the rest of my company as well!
Getting ready to board my flight to MKE!
thanks bro kause she needs to
o well dude I love you man u.u
Crikey - it seems there are no add-ons for the 32bit & 64bit versions of & Therefore, 7-9 are mandatory.
It seems like a good conservation of effort to me. And it lets you put your work out there in a (somewhat) shorter time frame.
Days off spent feeling guilty for not working don't really count as rest. Nix the guilt. If you've earned it, rest with abandon.
Gearing up for ASHA! Demos, promos and raffles, oh my! Visit us at Booth 127
Heading to #SanDiego today for the Pacific Sociological Association mtgs
All this fuss about The Killing mostly just makes me want to watch the last two eps asap to see what all the sturm und drang is about
Don't worry about what others think. People are always negative, don't let it bother you.
Thanks for the follow dear :)
I would buy it. :3
I had the worst day ever
Research finds regular yoga prac for children with learning difficulties or special needs beneficial especially for ADD, ADHD and Dispraxia
No!!! My heart cannot go on!
Want FREE Ice Cream? Follow
follow back pleasee <U+2665>
Daily Dose of Goodness: When filling out who to notify in case of an emergency, I always put "DOCTOR." What's my mother going to do?
Okay So Text Me Right Before I Enter 1st Period And OMG! She Made Me :) I Miss Her >.<
Thanks for following sexy. ;)
2X": I swear I hate his black ugly ass then I love him then I hate him again."
I want a booty!!
Its amazing how fake people can be....Be Real... Only Real....2011 time to Rise Up....NueWave Productions for all your video and audio needs
You drive me crazy
LOL just saw your imaginary dog conversation. you are such a closet dog lover :)
oh... Stay. Lol
Is it 5 yet?
Thank you Alexia! I've emailed her but I'm not sure that she's received it yet... :(
Hi Matt, further to our chat visit to report the fake Liverpool players on here. They have a complete list on their site
RT "Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony." ~ Mahatma Gandhi
Sounds like you appreciate print and analyzing business cards as much as I do! It's a #print thing ;-)
I just pinged the pastor from the non-denominational church I mentioned to you to see if he can fit in a chat/meeting with u
Sorry, , but you all just got out-manned. Montreal won the physical side, hands down.
Outsmart other Job seekers tips, FREE resume & job board, follow me also go to minorityjobs.net J ...
#Life Of Da Party
so, Brighton is where all the cool kids spend their time?
pee on u
is it hard raising kids being in the lime light?
420 Yummies is safe from all tsunamis! We live, work & play on higher ground! We are here to bake another day!
Im Meant Mikey hah my bad
All we do is smoke and fuck
RT Oh! Found being interviewed by Andrea Roane on my local hometown TV. Nice Ananda! Go U Street! ...
RT please! Tickets now on sale at any united supermarket or other select-a-seat locations! Going fast so hurry and get em
you know those pics in our living room? They're all crooked.
oh thats ok, its fine :)
that new theraflu stupid!!
call me bro gotta holla at cha, i gotta new phone and my numbers didnt transfer
hahah james bond ;)
Now Follow us on Facebook
TIGER TIGER WOODS YALLLLLL
such a truism. such a truism because they have been nothing but disrespectful toward him.
Watching Martin lol
glad you like it dude!
nope, I've been their bro! Fuck and go!!
what's up!
well thank and that deserves a retweet LOL :))) xo
I hate it when it breeches & I've got to turn it around. “: I just felt the foodbaby kick. Time to go to the delivery room!”
Agreed. Arts need benchmarks too! RT : I dont see art museums or even just museums represented in the 44 orgs
And docs getting another 10 month reprieve from Medicare cuts as House passes payroll tax conf report...
Much the same as bedroom=Carnegie Hall & cat = sold-out house? But feedback with words instead of meows...
#thoughtsduringschool I hate Everyone here
Happy Birthday !!!
#Ravens player named AFC Player of the Week 3 cons. times now, the NFLs longest streak. Had POW in 6 of 9 wins this season...Ties NFLs most
Get 5,000 Business Cards for only $100 !!! log-on to www.800printingnyc.com
Curious about the watch Michael wears on Geek Crash Course? It's a . iPod watch from the initial Kickstarter batch!
Thank you seniors! Great season & careers! Good luck!
lucky me ;)
My mama told me to hand her the remote and turn off the lamp.........Remote-6in. away.! Lamp-2 feet away.! #SheLazy.!
a shame, because you're a good mom.
that's okay. taught me. He won't even know what it's for, but that's okay. I'll teach him.
First practice this Wednesday from 6-7 on the parade grounds
text me when you get off work !! I get off at 10!
looking forward to catching up with you guys when you get here permanently!
I'm campaigning for an showroom in the Highlands or NuLu. Good idea, right?
Sorry if I'm not good enough. Looks like I'll never be. I give up.
my bad G, things have been over the top since I last spoke to you. Projects falling off and new projects coming in. What's good?
oh wow, thats great. for a job, or just because you want out of ohio?
Of course not! Preparing to watch it now! :)
RT Please follow - a new brother site in Christ. I would appreciate it
Thanks James I really appreciate it. Keep up the great work. Awesome job the other night. Going 2 keep working Tim P. material
Let's never take anything for granted. Count your blessings. HE is good...all the time!
Thank you so much. Help us out by finding us on facebook and sharing our songs with your friends! Keep in touch!!
Ah a few more days then done with these classes
At first I wasn't sure (because I'm vegetarian), but some of their menu does look good; especially the cheeses.
I can't wait for football season!
#Life would be intolerable without #music. And, if i lose my hearing, I will sleep on a speaker and turn up the bass.
only one problem.....they're not fat bastards with fast food dripping out of their mouths
Dont foget to send a direct message to the fan club and tell us why you should win a autograph
Las Vegas Cash Mob wants your input for a bumper sticker slogan......GO
I told my two year old sister i have hiccups and she got me a glass of water
I don't think I'll be your somebody but at least for now I can pretend to be.
boycott Target this holiday season due to that annoying chick in the black friday commercials
You will. It always happens. One way or another.
Only time will tell...What goes on at night will soon come to light
*hugs* back to you, my buddy o' buddies.
let us know your favorites!! ;)
Free extra beer week passport available! Pickup near all day or later tonight. inquire within. :)
haha thanks ;p
Haha! Think I'll leave the comedy to you man. But tell ya this: if you write it, I'll perform it ;)
Children in solitary? Another example of American exceptionalism.
Star Wars Family Guy >>>
so glad to see john simpson is riding his bike again!
- We provide your Hair & MakeUp & Wardrobe! All you bring is a thong, black mascara and false eyelashes! We do the rest!
We are having a blast! We love it!
So weird getting 2 week old tweets. Apparently some are stuck in the Twittasphere just bouncing around?
don't follow the man, follow the idea.
Waste of time. Sean Hannity is self-parody, personified.
So when the courts ordered anabuse, that changed the addiction to PILLS! That killed my sister ,legally! Think about it!!!!
No day is guaranteed.. .rest in peace Whitney Houston. My heart really aches. Rest in peace. You have done your justice here.
I swear I'm not trying to overreact
6am and still wide awake blasting , , songs my 3 favorite men with talent :)
Come on #BBN I need some happy birthday tweets
I usually hate singing competition shows but I have loved #TheVoice since day one! Judges are the best.
oh okay lol
JUST be happy :)
We're inside in 222. Surge Squad banner is hung with pride.
Who gonna win the championship? Lakers all day.
Is it new or a repeat? Lol.
Well, she made it out of nothing
#ThingsiLovetoSee Fathers spending Time with their children.
As soon as you feel comfortable, that's when it's time to start over." Jerry Weintraub
Good morning tweethearts! Yummy House Blend and Black&Tan brewed this morning.
Just Tellinn you so if you get a Unfollow you know why.
Basically she wants nothing to do with me...
Coffee, eggs, NPR and yoga make for the happiest Sunday mornings.
I used that subject line in my email
me and #oomf gon have a paint fight!!! lol
Gabe Carimi is your starting right tackle. Even Lance Louis proved to be a capable right tackle.
I'm pretty sure it'd be a good idea if the Cubs ate all/most of the $, & the sox didn't give up any prospect of note...
I've given up all I can, it's not enough.
The bank guy opening my account right now is fucking cute.
It's absolutely meddling with something that's already perfect. One of the few things I deplore your viewpoint on.
it was suppose to be in 80's its not just your phone
I'm gonna hold u to that lol I need a new car lol ur buying
I think that is where he slates as well. Very good 2. I'm *hopeful* that Cosart can be a 1 still though!
A2 Companies should cultivate the employee connectors to tell the company "inside story"...
Stoked RT : hey I'm bringing a crew next weekend 5/5 for my bday.
Both me and my dog at home are extremely frightened.
Stop in for a slice of Sunshine Cake to brighten your day!
Back from an amazing Firewalk weekend in New Jersey....5000. People...wow
I noticed that too - it's the little tweet gremlins.I noticed I am not following other people who I previously followed as well x
Thanks for retweeting the correct spelling of our name. "Dzian" is lost on most people, including native Chinese speakers.
Shame shame Race for the cure unless of course you're poor and must go to a place that provides *affordable* care.
clueless...please speak english
Let me write that down in my 'Things I don't give a fuck about' notebook.
Yeah, it's this place where political staffers go to...I mean...I've never heard of it.
I feel like taking my screen protector off
I learned a trick. On your remote, press "Stop", then press "stop" again and then press "play" it starts your movie.
Yup Agree! RT Can I edit 1080p HD clips in PPro dynamically linked to a AE project? Didn't hear/see anything about that
Cooking steaks on the grill for the fam!
happy valentines day to all my favorite stoners! i hope you find love and
My mind has been on a totally different level lately. It's almost scary.
takes me back to advanced philosphy in college...especially reality and subjectivity.
So hungry. :P FOOD!!!
Fulltime needs:Project Mgr with IT PMLC, Resource Mangmnt,Budgets,Risk clients in TX. Pls send resume to
Some people call it “Za” others “pie”. What is your most unusual pizza nickname?
Trying real hard 2 stay positive. Lost my entire purse, probably while doing laundry. smh Sometimes it never fails, thank goodness 4 plastic
it's those endorphins girl that keep my hyped!! #missumore :)
Rise and Shine back to the grind it's Monday lol.
Oxford English Dictionary really add #OMG to the dictionary? What?!
It's a full-moon driving kind of night.
I might take
you guys do awesome work
How long till SNL WIll Ferrell starts trending
Just think of how proud your mom is of you and how much you've accomplished <3 she loves you :)
Last night, the horses escaped into my "jungle". I want to browse with them.
Everything I own is pink.
Yes I am administrating the SBA tests at my school. #nclb:)
He was the guy of my dreams, but I think I’m finally waking up.
you're hott
:) Thanks Mister!
Looks like you're off to a fine start! Your Wordpress theme looks familiar, hehe, I like. DM for contact to share tactics. <3
I know you're right!!! This has gone too far! It was Panera Bread so let me know if it is just a Detroit thing.
why am I in the office today?
The writer is delegated to declare and to celebrate man's proven capacity for greatness of heart and spirit~John Steinbeck
Smiling extra hard ( :
Only problem with vinyl: no scrobbling.
Sleep is going to be nearly impossible tonight. GO MAVS!!!
Hey, , you're a coward, a bully and a religious hypocrite. Make you feel big picking on a teen girl like ?
This Red Wine >>>
starting today my only goal is to get my senior year body back
Can't wait to see party pics and hear this great news!
I hate the morning after a migraine where you wake up and have to slowly find out, "Oh no...do I still have it? Please don't come back..."
im thinking the same thing lol
Awesome message today! Thank you for challenging my heart brotha! Keep winning souls for Jesus!
RT : My favorite web archiving skills: flexibility and a good sense of humor
Tonight is the night #choppedallstars RT and show some support for our favorite chef !
Excited to serve you! RT RT : Just passed the opening up on Diversey Ave. excited to try it!
Today is my Friday. But it's also my Thursday. So I have two days of work to do in one...
are u sitting on the toilet or just hungry
Got a big job interview coming up? Need better interview skills? Come to SMGW's Employment Workshop today at 11 am at our NW Office!
Thanks!! How's it feel to be a star??? xoxo
are you in the "it's alive" session?
the school year went by suppppeeerrr fastt.
RT - #insaneproclamations the Jacksonville Jaguars will make it to the Super Bowl.
He party hard with his lady bt cant with his "girl".....he aint trying to be with your ass #shame lol
It's a fine line between "rustic presentation" "lazy" and "ugly", isn't it now?
RT : #lovelansing: Great homes will be open this weekend from 1-5pm on Sat & Sun. Come see this home & 19 more like it:...
Drove to FIU for nothing.. oh well.
because true friends are people you can consider your other half.....
Here's my number, so call me maybe!?
it will always be my favorite song. always.
I hope the dinner went well and produced some good ideas...
my auntie is here :))
I'm not much of a cat person, which is why I love these guys so much. and are my feline heros.
same haha for like one day (;
Big ups to the homie for doing his thing on the decks this week. Lets go 2012!
we do.
swallow balls ; nuts to ! lmfao
Look at the home, some bands have already been announced
Miss my boyfrand like whoa <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
lets invite them out, they look like they need a drink or ten
i love hoes
#ryanbraun on the offensive. Does this mean he's guilty?
Changed my career path once more. this time its for me bitches.
u like that?
Heck yes it is!!
Ladies! High fashion AND Jewelry! Mary Frances Accessories - Read it at www.southfloridaalerts.com
No one types in urls anymore, they do searches, is your site Search Engine Optimized?
ripped jeans and a skoal ring #mykindaman <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Few isolates: not a "brand"; multiple cores, all RWJF accnts: led by the Foundation not supporters; mostly follows not replies.
Rolling into Pickles now. Free shirts available. Just tell me you'll help "pack the yard" later this season.
only metro
Where you at foo
Whoa. Driving by a burning power pole transformer thingy is kinda scary!
8:00pm tonight! Part 2 of "My Image" on LA Talk Radio .com Listen in!
same here. I get confused & frustrated when free. I try to remember that yoga makes me feel good.
Never knew artichokes and spinach would taste so good together.
are you watching Spider-man?
no, i didnt get to meet anyone today but Brad :) Thats ok though! ive met cody before!
wow, has a lot of energy, especially for a Vegas morning
I love my mommy
Nigh-nigh, Bjorn & Nick~~
To me Ron Paul looks like the guy who gets unhooded at the end of every #ScoobyDoo episode. --Jimmy Kimmel @ White House Correspondents Din.
That 45 minute shower was wonderful
I have to be honest...I have no idea what/who is a Suzie!
It's almost Mother's Day!!!
classy talks in SAT prep
I definitely second that!! :)
People so damn foolish
Thanks! Keep an eye out. With any luck, you'll start seeing us around very soon!
Oh yay!Very easy to hide!
"I brought pics!" lmfao my kind of guy
Tune into 98.5 The Beat....we goin LIVE!!!!!
hot soup alert! #soupoftheday at Bryant Park and the Cube is now lentil w/parmesan
Wow Boston pitchers are terrible. You really gonna give Teixeira a high & away pitch w/ 2 men on base?
When a child is hurt there are consequences that affect the child for the rest of their life
What's good Tweoples!!! Watched First Take with Joe Buddens, ESPN has been embracing a lot of hip hop lately.
we had a good time.:-)
Just got the newamerica. EP and you should def give it a download. Check it out @ newamerica.bandcamp.com
you are so right the haunting of connectlcut is scary AF bro
I feel like gabbys been in that position for the past two years
-__- lord be with you. Lol
I think I might watch Red Dawn tonight.
please follow me ! :)
I think you have a great concept, check out our property management software We hope 2 launch NYD
say what?
damn fam. It's real out here lol
fall down on the ground and roll around to celebrate!
Marlins Fall in Debut at New Park, 4-1
hey what's going on? I tried to call you
You would be mort-ified!
I found it for ya man
Brandon Marshall for 2 3rd round picks. Ill take that anyday.
Teaching OCF social media today.
I'm with a chick with a big ass, big tits, big lips
jealous!! I'm in Alabama for the wknd. Going for a run in the snow?!
If you've been charged with a crime, you need the best and most aggressive attorney. Call (619) 692-9001 in
I didnt know my old dance videos wud get me so much attention some I dont need.
where did you grow up? I grew up in the Midwest and LOVE storms. My mom grew up in upstate NY and hates them.
San Diego Wine & Roses Charity Wine Tasting & Sale at June 10. Many award winning wines will be there! Will you?
I imagine Obama is popular there?
Happy 14th Birthday i hope it's great cause you deserve it <3 :)
don't! We love you <33 #WTKFamily :)
I shed a couple tears when saying goodbye to - then noticed I had #glitter under my eyes. What? I have glitter tears?
We are here to lead you to freedom, if we can do it, so can YOU!
im down watchu tryna do bro?
Hysterically laughing at my sister trying to get down the ladder of the bunk bed <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
being smarter explains it too but the connections from/to divio makes a lot of sense for the purpose. it's really well done!
Haha I love you
hahaha no $ clearly.. But I do happen to have $1.2 ;) text me
I'm still sick why am I here
I wish I could make Wasteland this weekend. If by chance you do see one for cheap. I'll Paypal you the money an a bottle...
Last night I had a scarily realistic dream that guested on Colbert Report, baby in tow. Sounded great; Stephen was a fan.
I really love Tommy Carcetti's voice. I wanna have it. :)
1st stumble through of Ford's Theatre's 1776, this evening. Guess it's time I commit my 4 lines to memory...
definitely give it a try, it probably takes quite a bit more practice and finesse than when i worked with it, hehe. good luck!
First #aafmiami event with Rob Gonda from on 9/14 in merrick park. Save the date!
I am down to get tickets to this year all star game
Oh and while we on current events: Brian McKnight, its time to retire. You are too old to be talking like that...ugh:/
So far, very speedy. Been on a couple of walks around the block, eating real food. Big progress! Also, Happy Mother's Day!!
hayy can u send me the link to living loving and hating chapter 4?? Pls! <33
For all of you animal lovers! I guess that tomorrow 10am is the Open House for the new Ozaukee County Humane Society!
its official you all have the worst customer service in America
People too weak to follow their own dreams will always find a way to discourage yours. RT ()
Hell Yeah
I admit, I'm having a ball finding DC area restaurants on Twitter. Making me hungry!
Leadership is having courage to do right thing even when others do not agree with you. To accept responsibility for decision regardless.
...If you want me in your life, you will do what is needed to put me there and keep me there.
You are far too familiar with the problems associated with committees, aren't you Lisa?
all those kittens and cakes are worth gazillions, I reckon.
Perfect day :D the beach is soo peaceful and beautiful.. Just want to stay here forever
"...we could not verify your ownership of using the info you provided. Your account recovery request .. has been closed."
oh yeah mabe ya right well even if yeah or no it dosent matter to me anymore so yeah good night girl get better :)
Watching All That and wishing I was 7 again
wow, thats fast. btw: she was also waving to the camera, the cameraman supposedly is her BF and she was on phone with him waving?
Does anyone want me to market their website FOR FREE, going once, going twice
This sounds like a great program. Did it continue through your first year of teaching?
Should police have the right to secretly use a GPS device to track down people without a warrant? This case is before the supreme court.
I was going to tweet about how New York is less formal than D.C., but then I remembered that EVERY city is less formal than D.C.
Ann Coulter is a freaky bitch.
heck ya...
if you on your way to the club or chillin' at the crib! Tune in Fri. Night Flava for some awesome mixes! Support your local mixshow
Thanks for all of your comments on #BankTransferDay story. Watch Fox at 10 to see them.
finished recording for the new Nadus Films project and filmed DVD extras last week.
sing LMFAO's "shots" but replace the word shots with pics, because i wanna see your new tat ;p
The moon is a planet just like the earth, only it is even deader.
"Etchings" are made by the artist using a tool called a burin to carve the image on to a metal plate coated in wax.
Nothing better than a sing along with my mom! <3
catching up on the show #LostGirl ...you are amazing on the show.
Thx! Behavior mods can def help, but only to a certain point. There's so much a chemical basis to it. Meds/diet combos work best
Ur only as good as ur team. 1 weak link will break the whole chain.
The new topps pennant app is pretty crazy...perfect for baseball nerds like myself. Every play chronicled in every game
It's a shame when you see someone you love lose their ambition :/
Ur never running too late to brush ur teeth & wash ur face....NEVER
: are you home? I just got off
Alien Nation with James Caan was the #1 this day in 1988.
Please welcome DeeMugga89 to the Max life
Only 13 days left of Red November!
This is the first time I've seen the today show in probably 8 years.
followed u bakk!!
Has anyone else always wanted to see the northern lights? Let's do it this fall!
this one is for you.then ;)
uh huh... Sure! Excuses excuses! Lol
me too!!! I'm so ready to see you and at Wgi!!!
that's good 2 hear. Progression is key
The #weekend is feeling more and more like a reboot... Which we all need
No at can you rock tonight??
Final cost: $227. Good thing I plan on booking a national commercial any day now...
Looking forward to our time! RT : In the studio with the folks from today. We're working towards some comedy...
speaking the truth about the #GOP gridlock on transportation.
that would be so cool!!!
Im shaking. Im not even joking.
Mine too.
Nothing changed -__-
Ain't no love in the heart of the city...that's why home is where my heart lies
Rated L for Literary. HA.
you are ignorant
Hm.. Got detention today! LOL
check out exhibits & social media from Picasso Museum Powerhouse Museum Australian Museum
Happy 21st baby, I love you. See you Friday
Gotta swing the Bat George!
Freeze warning in effect
It was my pleasure man!
yay! Can't wait to hang out more at
Also sang "call me maybe" with frank & raven. Success.
so we can hang tmr :D?
that's insane I just went 2 a planned parenthood the other day I got my iud removed paid cash.no prob. So which 1 r u referring 2?
We are being enchanted at the Enchanted Forest.
RT DaniSchiliro --> I really apreciatte your clear way of being! <-- Let's see if we can get them honest!
RT : I want people to keep it real, or try to keep it Trill all today.
I never envisioned taking on 4 projects at once: 3 youth related & one involves HIV awareness. I know God assigned them to me, so I got them
"Don't talk to strangers." "Well , how am I supposed to make friends?"
someone paid to print that, huh?
MERRY CHRISTMAS FROM MY FAMILY TO YOURS!!!
executive chair reviews | Why Did the US Invade Iraq in 2003? A ...
I just realized every tattoo I want is type based.
OMG...I feel so bad for Forrest! What did you think? I thought it was pretty shocking. I'm a HUGE Forrest fan. Sad night for me.
Another person with a "light skin" complex
I look into my crystal ball and I see many, many outings in the Lehigh Valley for future IronPig Schwimmer.
This twitter update is #wack... Gonna try uber social!
A weighty issue.
um... you shouldn't believe everything you hear on twitter. ;-)
Follow and RETWEET this if you wanna shoutout!
Congratulations. Can't wait to see you on TV next week!
Wow. Working hard and getting ahead of things...no better feeling!
The ability to convert ideas to things (dance) is the secret to outward success (Flamenco!). - Henry Ward Beecher (& me)
ASK ME STUPID RANDOM QUESTIONS!
Always a pleasure to listen to your theoretical swimming lessons.
It was. But amazing.
That's why I don't really talk to mine. Still a lot of tension, I just have to leave it alone and do me. As should u.
The entire Conceivian team will be at Deploy on Monday. If you are there, come say hi.
Big thanks to our newest followers!
Charter schools have contracts w/ authorized agencies that describe how student performance is measured pursuant 2 State tests
28 more to purchase nye tickets. . .
I don't want relations I just want one night. Cause a thirsty bitch; thats that shit that I don't like.
Just heard on news: Bank of America no longer biggest. Power to the PEOPLE.
Cristobal Silva: When submitting to academic journals, referee letters are most valuable part of process. A gift of the profession.
. Trend 4 - expanding digitization. You've got to go beyond "just" digitization. Digitization is just step one.
We're so grateful and excited to be a United Drives partner!
In Vancouver this morning - very chilly! But nothing like yesterday. No rain, no snow. thank you weather gods!
it's kinda funny when guys act gay with their friends but if you start saying "i'ma rape you, foo!"....that's kinda creppy.
- #hater. - #notahater ..... Have a nice day ladies, I need to tan.
Best guess..Steak and Ale?
We have the winner get here by 7 bro. Tweet me when you arrive. If I get more I'll take next in line.
Finally figured it out wow juicy chicken! Kirkland individually wrapped breast + coconut milk + garlic & onion chips 40 mins 350 degrees!!!
GH get ready for the invasion. Preseason tourney begins at Jeld-Wen Field tomorrow
I'm tired as fuck,
At New Beverly to see THE COOK, THE THIEF, HIS WIFE, AND HER LOVER for the first time.
Writing an abstract feels so difficult. I'm on break. I just want to read Game of Thrones. Follow your dreams, Mary. Follow those dreams.
hold another petite version of ANTM! And don't stop making the show!!!
Looking for reliable, competent building contractors in the #Spokane area. Any recommendations?
I've been following for awhile - gr8t commentary on life, politics, humanity (and movies too)!
I meant to google that. Sorry. Goodnigh.
this Thursday is going to be YUCKY!! WATTS!!
Cat hair in my eye.
ew. Lol i hate everyone. I wish i loved everyone .
Longworth on result of Internet and cable: "It's no longer a national economy, it's a global economy."
So far so good :) You?
Whoa! Jason Pettigrew just posted about some 3-disc reissue of Psychocandy! 3 CDs of prime Jesus And Mary Chain?! Feedback heaven!!!
PMD: No big surprise - resin guru Len Czuba says implantable devices, micro/miniatures & home healthcare R drivers in medical materials.
Really, switching to #Linux on an older laptop can be like getting an entirely new machine. I've done it with good results.
Stfu go to sleep
That's exactly what I said!
There is nothing stronger than gentleness.
I thought he would be different.......... I thought wrong...
I may not have gone where I intended to go, but I ended up where I needed to be - Douglas Adams
The fastest reaction is indistinguishable from the slowest prediction.
And "Woof!"? Hehe
Just a joke, Scott. I'm a Chargers fan all the way and will work to keep 'em here, but not on the backs of the taxpayer.
no, you tweeted it and didn't say it at all. I hope you know how fun it is to piss you off ahaha
The dear teen me letter I'm writing is gouging my heart out, time for some chocolate...
A man pulls off a bold move to stop suspected drunk driver from ditching a crash scene. Hear how he did it at 11am on NBC 6.
Beautiful day here in St. Louis, MO! Only 5 weeks until my BIG 5-0 birthday!
Jennette can u reply me I loved u ever since you were in The Inside!Please reply,follow,or retweet.
I see that I have library fans...get at me.
FUCK THE COWBOYS PERIOD.
Who do I speak with about a potential company for ATDC? I assume it is you, but don't want to waste your time if not.
i'm not saying my job could be done by ANY rabbit... but humbled likewise. :)
Jackson, MS the ONLY southern city represented? #surprised!
Any Internet streaming of the USA-BRA game?
Innovation without purpose is only variety. Via
Trying to get battlefield 3 installed is a nightmare.
' It's cool I'll get a cute one lol
I'm not a thug, my pants don't sag, I don't call women bitches and hoes, and I work hard. My father taught me well.
Just an FYI, Rhythm & Jazz Radio is not available at this time due to the Live365 Network server crashing. RNJ will be back ASAP.
And the three rules for presentations are... come to the talk and find out!
did you attend cranbrook when you were younger?
Oh I know that feeling exactly!! It is much worth it once the headaches & worn out feeling goes away
My EP Is Gonna Be HOT
Let's work together to equip schools to We have worked with other #celebrities to further
Attack dropping BMR & estrogen levels with high intensity circuit training & anti-gravity pilates. Don't let age loosen your waistline!!
RT : "These women were celibate, can you believe it?" overheard in our exhibit on The Sanctified Sisters.
you too? Whats up?
Just listened briefly, to your station...on my way to catch a flight..I am awake Now!!! Awesome! Luv It!!!
ugh I know I'm still I'm pain haha, but I got Zoom!
Car Seat Expiration Dates: Keep Your Baby Safe by leahlefler
The secret life of Ballon Animals
Lakers need to lose
bus intel, innovation, incomplete info. At SSP conf. and feel energized, like I am back at UofM SI Info Econ prog. inspiring.
Cool Stevie call any time.
Fear&Love
if I still lived in Noblesville we would so be going to get me a few woodchucks and Vegas bombs right now. #miss you!
can sing REALLY WELL!! RT if you love his beautiful voice
Ugh I'm using spray tan <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>not my fault it's 40 and overcast everyday in Chicago till like June lol.
she's going to kill you!!
Now THAT's depressing... MT : "If the US perf. as poorly in the Olympics as they do in Edu, heads would roll."
good look lil bruh!!! Means a lot no doubt!!!
Thanks! I really believe I am VERY lucky and blessed! Any luck finding a new job?
Saved #OOMF at the beach and broke into my bigs apartment for him since he was locked out
is there meat glue involved?
No! I don't want one either! F Tablets!
Dam i dont wanna work right now
Connection directly to the owner of this Kondo into the lease Panama City is the whip of region the state of Florida lease by ow :-)
don't u understand. In America something is always someone's fault
U crack me up. Shannon. #savelapl. Library n bad shape please tell to bring back library staff.
Children are the most desirable opponents at scrabble as they are both easy to beat and fun to cheat.
Good night everyone
Do It ...For Some Odd Reason The Leopard Goes With That Bright Light Sky Blue Lol
My schedule for today looks on paper a bit like Bob Dylan's 115th Dream...
Anytime! Have fin and let me how it goes!
2012 Miami Marlins = 2011 Philadelphia Eagles
Random Asian guy watching me laugh. Like really watching. Dude!
Dim sum with the family
Happy Birthday from Tennessee. :)
he don't fuck with you!
I just tripped and almost died.
Have leared a lot from teachers using symbaloo at CUE! Great to see the different ways of use. We keep supporting you!
it does indeed, the mall was packed today with people shopping for their summer lines
Yes, I've used that one too! I'm thinking of doing some related poetry writing...maybe 2 voice poems from 2 images
q opens tonight!
2nd period chemistry is gonna be intense!!!!
A real company name?! "Yahoo’s board also named Terry Bird of the law firm Bird, Marella, Boxer, Wolpert, Nessim, Drooks and Licenberg..."
I'm working a 15-day voyage from San Diego to Ecuador, ending in Costa Rica. I'll be in SD for two days for my training. THANKS!
Shadowing a librarian at the Ref Desk for my health sciences library internship
i've been good
“: The darkest fear of Southern Californians becomes my reality tomorrow. I'll be picking someone up from LAX.” suck my dick
now you will be awake all night.
whoa you have a lot of followers. Why'd you follow me? O.o
Congrats and good luck buddy.
Don't leave her, if you can't let her go.
Bahahahahaha so true!
Is it too soon to be thinking these things again? :) should i squash my thoughts about it or let them be.
The Spanish aren't so bad. Sure, bull fighting is cruel but they have good food and you've got to love that accent! ;)
Indeed. Tell Evans a Mizzou-UK matchup will determine our friendship
Dark Summer Dawn time! We rock at 11:30 and it's JR's birthday! Come down to Red Eyed Fly! BOOM!
OMG! The tickets sells are going great! Have you gotten your ticket yet? Ms Kim Fields will bring the house down. 4-15 last day for $35 tkts
LOL Will do! Great to meet you. RT : Hi Vicky say hi to your mom
Because it will give you the shits or your money back! Yo Quero runs?! - I love Chris so hard right now.
I'm there.
It doesn't matter what you think you're fighting about. It always comes down to a choice between fear and love. Chose wisely.
Jus got back from riding dirt bikes soo fun :D
AND YOUR OUTTA HERE!!!!!!!! (in my umpire voice)
ask him to join. seems like a cool guy
yes I am.... And yes we can
Special thanks to my friend JD for supporting the book and the gifts she sent me from London & Paris.
nada much. Relaxing after a long day of work. That sucks to head back to work for a "work thing"
great to hear. The Denver team was an impressive group. #ECET2 Can't wait to visit some time.
rapping aint bout the looks
Taco Shack for lunch, Stubbs for dinner. Happily eating my way through Austin
Come watch me on stage then!!
Happy Mother's Day! Give your mother a hug today!
Why Do People Tell Me To Text Them, You Got A Phone Text Me, Smh . <<<<
wrapping, packing, shipping and then on to more packing before my Christmas Midwest Tour.
Well only about 29 days left tell the Art and The Vineyard art show, I am almost ready... frames should be coming this week.
hey, now, i may ride my bike plenty, but not like that.
Wishing all religiously inclined who look to heavens for spiritual solace happy festivities
Try something new - Looking forward to digging into some code for iOS development this week.
Hi :) I need to play a concert near you! Where are you at? :)
A6: Never give up! Learn from each rejection and know something else will come along.
Lalalala that's all i hear you sayin
Myinfo911 Launches Emergency ID Card And Related Products To Insure That In The Event Of A Medical Emergency Girl ...
I am supposed to tweet less at one time but I can't get the schedule to work that way! collect/ releasing tweets 1 by 1 too much for me!
Thank you very much. :)
Alcohol - the cause of, and solution to, all of life's problems. ~ Homer Simpson
RT : Pork in adobo is back. New item tonight: mollejas de pavo -- turkey gizzards in tomatillo-chipotle sauce.
#Avengers was so freaking great!
Michael Manganiello: NCATS gives patients hope,
Ill Tat my face before I Brand my body.....
Hey #BudLight how about bringing back the "Dude" commercials? Those were the funniest ads ever.
MY ELECTRIC BLANKET HAS STOPPED WORKING!!!!!! And it's only 8 degrees F outside! EMERGENCY!!!!
yes, very very sharp and substantial
yes, it's good stuff and it was a great game!
"In my sort-of-haunted-house, your ghost's in every room. But I'm not afraid, because I still love you." -- Too Much Joy
Thursday is the 1st of December....already! How fast has that gone?! Have you all got your Advent Calanders :D
If you really wanna get pulled over, don't speed or drive drunk; just have a headlight out.
I must be a thermostat for my students. This is a challenge. Time is a big factor. I do try to bring in the outside world to the class
RT : can we pls retire "cray"? white people at my corporate day job are starting to say it.
I like dialogue that is all about who the character is, not all about the writer liking the sound of his own voice.
I'm watching the camps and everyone showed for the cardinals no drama a plus. Vick has something to prove so where ever he goes
In the studio!
Resist! Doughnuts, cake, and cookies are/were my faves. I believe Conspire coffee shop (in PHX) has #vegan doughnuts
It is the best thing ever in my book! We are pacing 30 accepted this month!
Every book is a children's book if the kid can read! Mitch Hedberg
Need some followers
Today will be a better day for me! All smiles, no worries, all happiness and joy! <U+E41D> <U+E415> <U+E328>
well send me sum of that good filler we hurting in Baltimore lol
Can't wait for these cowgirls to lose.
BEEP BEEP. WHO GOT THE KEYS TO MY JEEP. Someone drive me to tonight for IRIE SUNDAYS! Reggae- Dancehall... with
Thanks Anne!
im on the move .. once i get to my destination - i got you
Congrats to Jeremy Cerone, a junior at and our Executive Director, on his internship with the Council for National Policy!
Need a good corner play here! Come on Yanks!!!!
“: Follow friday - me” and me yo!
That must be my 80's-90's mega hit list lol
Already done with work for the week and home!!!
Ryan Hurst from Sons of Anarchy has the best twitter name ever:
Pinterest is ruining my interest in all-food blogs. Is this true with anyone else?
My social life was terrible this year.
USPS goes broke n cannot raise rates more than inflation GOVT does nt allow CPI to show true inflation. gov show none. Govt puts USPS OOB
Please follow our blog! If you are into Hip Hop and R&B then this is for you! Polynesian Hip Hop and R&B will be posted from our site.
Thank you, thank you, thank you. Keep it going for Chaz Bono!" - to
#BeliebersAreAliensBecause We get more hate then normal people.
Hi Trev! On episode 25 u mentioned that CDs won't pay attention to lesser known improv schools, just the big ones. Question...
Did you know SIRI was a SXSW Accelerator in 2010?
SAY WHAT?!
That guy just got knifed!...thats forked up... Too spoon?
It wouldn't surprise me. Let's see Def,Dope,EVOO,Yummo, I heard That's Hot was next.
Thanks for the love! <3
Ellie Mae Reports First Quarter 2012 Results
Convincing my pragmatic mind = classic struggle. RT : Don't forget to waste some time today. Your creative mind deserves it!
"I always wondered why SOMEBODY didn't do something about that. Then I realized I am SOMEBODY."
Margaritas with the tennis girls
Trent's heisman run
Enjoying the #RISD KC meetup. Who knew we had so many alumni here!
"Hugo" is now by far my favorite 3D movie I have seen...Ava-what?
I'm so glad you liked it! thanks for reading!
Both kids are sick(and on antibiotics), and the dog wont stop puking. I think its time for a martini.
#IfYouWereSmart u wouldnt of told the whole world ;)
I hate that song
ah I love those ! When do those come out?
Very cool! Thanks Colin
"Open up restaurant called Planet Hollywood of the Apes." -Scribbled somewhere in James Franco's diary
Irving tax office -quite possibly the worst customer Serv. ever- 8 ppl working- they have 1 of those ppl working the 60 person line I'm in.
I wanna do boxing .
I'm keeping it clean tonight tweeps lol
shower in your tears
well if that's the case, check us into rehab
Go look up "The Choc'late Mousse: Pie Bar" on Facebook! It's so cool!
This is why he kicks ass:: : Call me and leave me a message, and why I should call ya back! 646 201 9368
correct. NO WORK!
you know cudi does a hook at the end?
Would like to chat with you about your efforts in the AA community if you have a second...I am the CDO for Baltimore City
awl mane that's harsh friend lol
Aren't you just a cutie and all. I am glad to have met you. I would be lost without you Mike
wasn't I supposed to get another movie for tweeting this :/! Where is that movie haha!?
of course!!
I think I just agreed to defer more than a third of my pay on a project, and thats only if the project gains more funding... bleh :/
I need cable lol
Shout Out To Richie....
Our very own will be speaking about Twitter at the Digital Hollywood conference next week. Anyone else going?
RT : Remember this about naps. They always get the last laugh.
Yes. Ended up doing factory reset and abandoning ADW Launcher EX which seemed to cause lag/failures in camera app.
In so much pain ! :(
I'm dying of boredom
If he isn't, they can say goodbye to my Club Season tickets as well as my fandom since 1977!
Real housewives of nj cracking me up.
My mother can't really accept that sometimes I don't put butter on bread and drink water without ice cubes.
“: Announcer calls Brayden Schenn "Sheen" and the crowd here goes bananas.” GO KINGS!!!
mike n holly. rt @ Eliz_Mcflyer Eliz_McFlyer_Judd who won bachelor pad? michelle and graham or holly and mike? x
wwyd as the GM this offseason?
No. And with a war in Afghanistan and kids in hoodies being shot...I mean, I can't get worked up about this. I just can't.
heading to woodford county for some visits and out of habit I went to merge on the bg parkway- been away from cville for too long.
8Flavahz is shit compared to the other crews. Just saying.
Going out to have some Groundhog beer with my "Kiss me I'm Groundhog" shirt on. I love holidays!
o who is jehovah?
I thought that queer was a name aimed at gay people by people that did not approve of their life style. So what is a queer?
how's Triple H?
All these lames wanna follow me on instagram and twitter this is not a charity. Lmfao I will not accept or follow back.
Lets get our ears pierced boys
haha if u want help I'd be happy to do my best :) u can DM me anytime - I'd be doing some lucky guy a disservice if u don't
How is it that my new iPad stays at 90%+ charge for 2 days but my iPhone dies every day?
New eyewear drop on the 15 so be sure to come & get yours here at Northstar mall
Businesses that get talked about are driven by a higher purpose, one formed by a passionate owner or by a passionate team mission.
we're powering the Entertainment section of TBD. Let me know if you'd like to chat about it!
Everyday I'm Hustling
OMG #Glee is so funny xD
ALL I WANT FORCHRISTMAS IS FOR YOU TO NOTICE ME! NSN?
RIP Montana May Lauritsen, 2012-2012. He were a fine fish. He had just reached sexual maturity!
The only shoes I would wear that aren't nikes is Adidas shell toes,The first iversons,the first converse weapons,Grant Hill 1,Ewing adidas
It's going to be busy in Denver this weekend! Anyone planning on attending anything?
OMG! It's Prince! I love you Prince!
she is awesome huge career move for her
Hmm the single life isn't bad but having him is so much better
I got a full nights sleep and ate an amazing breakfast, I realize its my job that makes me tired !!!
The first responsibility of a leader is to define reality. The last is to say thank you. In between, the leader is a servant. -Max Depree
Sorry about the delay, Anthony. Yes, you can. Could you let me have your email, please? Jake
next time! “: thanks. yes. If not careful, he'd be running around with open toe'd shoes. Still time for you to join!”
I gotta start leaving out earlier man
I hate seeing " does not follow " (me) depressing 2
thanks for the network! "follow bak
I LOVE YOU SO
I bet french fries would go great with sushi.
RT : as long as you're here with me I know I'll be ok
now that says Christmas!
He said she said stuff...im like really?
they are messing up real bad!!! Can't even play... TreyArch SUCKS!!!
S/O to hes really cool and nice. Cant wait for memorial weekend (; lol
Giving Wisconsin cheese on a regular basis is one of the best ways to grease the proverbial wheels of
idk how i feel about this...
why didn't you send one...?
Please consider a sort-by-date option for search results. Results now are a confusing mess.
Don't go to bed without watching episode 3! www.terriblepeopleshow.com
Wow.. way to be a bitch
Thanks for the shout out!
It's only 1 o'clock and I've already had 2 cups of tea!
Just wanted to let you know that my MINI CD is available on CD BABY
danny granger finally showed up
YES. “: Torry and I are singing with the Seattle Rock Orchestra this weekend! Over a 1000 tickets sold, get em soon!”
Blazers needed a closer. Its Jamal.
Excited! The more I get, the more I write.
same bruh living takin it one day at a time u kno.... imma email u guys some pics tonight as well
I'm restarting on Twitter . Deleted all old tweets .
I saw your Arnold shirts at urban outfitters in orange county. That was a nice surprise!
. A demographic data analysis showed that the majority of respondents were female (83%),
I ain't been to church in a minute, but td.jakes is talking to me in this sermon im glad I came to see him.
Cal's 400th went to section 74. I was sitting in section 76.
good morning jayne and friends happy thursday
yeah. One day I went to get gas for the mower and just kept driving to the gravel stop.
Don't wanna go back to Afghanistan without eating at all of the good restaurants.... Gotta decide on dinner tonight.
He did take one great photo :) Thanks so much Todd!! <3
Thankful for everything and everybody
Perfect way to get hit by car ... Run into on coming traffic screaming
How many times can you say: dig, off-the-top, release, open face carve, maneuver, paddle battle, etc.
I cannot deal with people who put "doe" at the end of everything, like stfu
Give Precious a break...watching her kid must be exercise. Shes working smarter not harder
Well it's about the time I'm ready to go !!!!
Proceed with caution! :) RT : WARNING! Tikka Masala Pizza may lead to addiction! Consume responsibly!
How many pennys that you have in your pockets or purse with your date of birth check now and start saving retweet
I'm so tired of fake ass bitches!!!
A hearty welcome 2 our newest followers tourism board of MD; & Baltimore City Fire Lieutenant Glad 2 have U aboard.
I have to add Cafe Perrin to the guide, thanks!
Thank u for the follow
hey dude if you're in town, come say what's up at our spring release party at today!
sometimes the only part of life I'm sure about is the part i share with you.
My brother makes me wanna kill myself. Go away.
If you manage a commercial web software package, and you still don't support Chrome, what the hell are we paying you for, again?
That last tweet could be used against me in a court of law.I didn't do shit Mr. Government people.
Imma just start tagging random celebrities to see if they RT me..
We see faces in the clouds, but never clouds in faces, because we have special cognitive modules for face detection. -- Jonathan
any idea when My Yo My opens in the third ward??? It's such a nice day for FroYo :-(
was the chat room that bad? Smh
man things are well bro... How are things for you?
The TB Lightning had a nice win last night in OT after being down. Ryan Malone has been on fire!
what a pasting! Imagine having Suarez for a full season?!
Carlos Boozer is the biggest person on the court like really he need to be checked for that side betting shit
please make me chai latte marshmallows. it's the least you could do after inspiring such a desire. thanks!
As a 10 min/game back up-maybe. RT : Should the jazz go after Jeremy Linsanity this off season
*reaches up and holds the crown in place* Wow...you have a real fat head.
Just finished the strawberry lemonade. It's all yours tomorrow.
would love you to have you come by and check out our selection!
Hmm...moveable monuments...Wall Drug on wheels is probably out of the question.
Dont ever bring chicken round me
Good thing is as long as you start the game with 5 players you can finish the game with less.
I'm probably blowing up your guys TL.. sorry...
Lmfao you guess? And I'm just ready for school to be over -.-
I have never met Justin. I have never been to his concert. I'm hoping I could go to his concert & meet him this year. #NeverSayNever right?
There's nothing pleasant about working in midtown during the holiday season. Tourists need to learn how to walk.
bloody mary in the evening??
Incredible day! High temps in Chicago give a nice respite from brain freeze.
I need to motivate myself to loose weight
Another tat tomorrow
Wedding coming up? See us about getting those teeth looking bright white.
Excited for
i'm thinking live tweets from bklyn brunches is in order.. first stop ??
I think so too,and our blood line also lol
You go! Meanwhile, we'll have lunch at the Modern...
so you payed thousands of $ for him to sub to you? Hahahaha people are so stupid!
I will pass the word on when I see him.
My kids were scared of the #HEB commercial. They are equally scared of Gaga.
My girlfriend is so beautiful
thinkin about a lip tattoo...
Make sure you tell them about reaching 1000 & getting a bracelet..
The article in yesterday's paper by breaks my heart. Innocent children should not be dying!
Archer... The fat receptionist Pam I believe
kef recommends! RT " working on music for saturday show w/ at "
Was lovely to catch up - we need to have a proper chat sess offline!
Tonight is #WorldBookNight, too! Out of the 30 featured books, I've read 2: The Things They Carried & Ender's Game.
I have a feeling this summers gonna be a good one
Follow the Team! :D
The music industry needs to stop recycling the same repetitive pop bullshit every year. I heard this song in 99 and every Spring since.
good morning motherfucking awesome people!
Don't evLIN go there!
I really want some!!! Hope the bloody marys are good!
I'm scared ;0
nope, still using nagios/cricket.I've used Zenoss at a previous employer.Has annoyances, like Nagios, but is better I think.
whispers (I'm the jinx. I watch they lose.)
Some of the world's greatest feats were accomplished by people not smart enough to know they were impossible.
Here it is! OVERTIME - Puck about to drop!
What the hell ?
Ability can take you to the top, but it takes character to keep you there.
Caleb, you look like a kid in a scary movie. I feel like a creepily sung nursery rhyme should be playing in the background
One of the benes of the DU gym is checking out the latest in high school tees: "AP European History 2010, Mr. Montgomery." + kids' names.
Bills look good, dad may take me to a game later this season.
Lester was drooling on himself by the end of that game. Totally bushed. Get in shape Jon Boy.
rain falling on roof :: building wheels :: my day feels perfect.
im ok, how about you?
Hmm the pizza is rising up in the middle so I guess I didn't flatten it out enough. We'll have to excavate!
Im in the blue and yellow of course
Why do people send evites to someone who lives thousands of miles away? No, I won't spend $500 for a plane ticket to your one-hour party.
I can only hope, Anna, that I find such interesting people to laugh about on my flights today.
but she does has an interesting take on Irish people
in social studeis we played a game and we played the song what makes you beatiful.
Conducting a little unscientific survey: Have you visited us yet? If so, did you stay a night or were you here for dinner/drinks or event?
I just pissed all over the Pizza toilet seat. I ain't got
awww thanks :D tell your friends about it please!
today was a long day!..
Roddy White cant do it all
I always end up crying in the end. >.>
is Maya ok? Do you see Dr.Neumann?
you go girl with your black ass
The Jingle Bells and Special Program were a big hit with my 3 year old this morning. GREAT IDEA! Thank you so much!
I am highly disappointed in the way does biz. You try 2 do something nice 4 some1 & then get nothing but the run around.
everything shitty always rolls my way :/
RT : I'm non-partisan, but #citizensunited smacks of unfairness. Politics should be about campaigning for votes not buying them
"An attitude of gratitude brings opportunities." -Yogi Tea
#TurnToYou is such a cute song <3 love you Justin :* is proud ! (:
Anyone know how to get out of Jury Duty? Not really looking forward to entering a Miami court room. (kinda scared actually)
This is a good movie
In DC yet I'm forced to #SpotTheShuttle on a UStream feed. So close yet so far away.
That sucks. I am sorry to hear that.
After a night of strange zombie police dreams I've given up and got up, so much for an after work sleep in.
Nope! I am with TrimBody when you coming by? :) also come to my birthday on the 23rd at Bare and Jet
“: <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0089>'s making a surprise dinner tonight, can't wait to taste it ; )” your going to love it babe
I'm listening to crew love by drake and it reminds me about the crew<U+2665> so its on replay :)
this weekend my biggest goal is to go to a barnes & noble store and buy cooking books :)
We heard you so here it is!!! We are now offering rental car service!! Contact us at 1 888 581 4446 or
Federal Agents raid gun shop, find weapons.
Now you have me wondering what 60s South African fashion looked like and if I would recognize it as such. Trippy.
I hope is open late so I can bus out there for beer and all my convenience store needs, like plungers and protein bars.
Reining Cy Young Award Winner Clayton Kershaw is now on Twitter:
The whole Spider-man crew must be waiting in agony… #sarcastictweet RT : Ten hours.
unfortunately yes
We are shipping out our Anti-Radiation Patches thru Amazon. They are selling and they work.
*insert deep thought here*
Just sitting here thinking and idk... This ain't good <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
thc. I took a breathing seminar once and breathing correctly really improves hour wellness. Keep me updated
Big day today. 1st, lunch with the producers of The Nanny, then seeing Cornell West speak. Also rehearsal for Romeo and Juliet and Institute
I know all my Love bugs and Teddy bears are following :)
Very festive holiday wishes to you and yours from TPCo. Merry Christmas!
Only think positive about a sore jaw is losing weight. Not trying to be my Hs weight though. All I was missing was flies. Ijs
Possible issue with #Levelup - places that seem to confuse it with Groupon (rest gave me a hard time about LevelUp bc I got a lunch special)
it did have cheese added into it. It was recipe so it had cheese butter sour cream etc in it. Lol
If there ever was a day to hate being a lady, today was it.
Watching Liz brush her teeth is the most attractive thing ever. :P
Thousands of us will march across the Pettus Bridge like Bloody Sunday 1965
RT Btw SAVE the date: July 19th we're doing a wine dinner with Charles Woodson Pics with him, raffle & more.
Phone's dying, y'all. Gotta recharge. 'Night.
Thanks for the GhostWalk mention -- greatly appreciated! Hope we see you this weekend!
Did you see it?
Finally desperate housewives is getting better :3
whoa! thats awesome!!!!! thanks we'll figure out something to use that for. feel free to keep makin JADED stuff :)
Get that shit out there bitch
Is it time for Beer Can Chicken Chilaquiles yet? See you at brunch this weekend!
Damn it, put Serge on Bynum. SH!T.
problem is we have lost all sense of perspective in the country.
Was just reminded how terrible I would be if I had to manage multiple social media accounts as part of my job.
Ugly storm stirring outside! I hope everyone stays safe!! storms can be pretty cool though.
... Thx to for that insightful post, which I felt the need to dust off.
seriously started to prepare for my speech at #DePaul LAS honors convocation in 2 weeks. My 1st formal speech~~~
DF Indie Studos..i like what you're doing
W.ChadTheBailGuy.com I love helping people. No one beats me!!! I am the guy.
he will. someday soon. :-)
So interesting how people's #attitudes contribute directly to the #energy level in the room...
Some black people are so annoying. A college education isn't shit without home training.
Ok, thinking cap on.
If one were to rank this #RedSox season so far in terms of KISS solo albums, we'd be right around "Peter Criss" right now.
no no no step away from the site....careful, careful....now run! Phew that was close!!
they're mailed to your house 6-8 weeks after graduation. :)
yup yup! Underneath the covers?
Rolling out of bed at 2pm on a Sunday feels like winning
Our website is being redesigned.
#whsummit 55 topics for discussion! BDT-linking people to assistance, Campbell's on ending hunger & obesity in Camden & entrepreneuworks
Davin and I used to have a mountain-climbing philosophy: "you put one foot in front of the other, until there's no more 'up'."
I will be releasing some new paintings in the next few days ... gonna be pretty cool so stay tuned.
love the new design and content- looks great!
A horse with a stupid name won the derby!
Who else is going to this weekend? I hear it is dress-up for Halloween! Can't miss an excuse to dress-up!!!!
I got no phone :( seriously! i'mma get one soon ! #YES - are u going to Springfield tomorrow?? d:
Petrino out at Arkansas. I wouldn't mind seeing him throwin around a headset on UK's sidelines
I've decided to invest into an I P A D in the next few weeks. Feels like I'm in the stone age compared to some SLP's on twitter.
i hate annoying people especially snitches n haters
A doctor can bury his mistakes but a supplier based engineer can only advise the product designer to specify a heavier texture.
you'd be my number 2(:
hahaha i miss being young
Failure is the chance to begin again, more intelligently.
Ha ha you jokester you haha, yea don't worry, you can tease whenever you want, I don't mind, it keeps the convo alive and fun
W.e fine Me and Jiselle will make it viral
My goodness, #Badgers recruit Sam Dekker is the real deal. Dude just drilled the game-winning 3 while double teamed to win a state title.
oh kill me now, eng paper is kickin my ass
That will be a good one >RT : I need some art conservation jokes for a blog post, any suggestions?
Remember when the Razr phones were the newest and coolest? Lmao
my nerves got bad due to the loud music and shouting outside my apartment so i loaded the 243 suddenly everything was alright
LOL. Have my mom's #1967 #Cadillac too. Runs in the family. Hubs drives #BMW on weekends cuz he has news car. Looks great
now getting 'bad key' notice cannot join channel
Got the gold bitches
He is the Holy Spirit, who leads into all truth.
Will be posting Science Lab Reports completed by students to our website.
I don’t even remember though I was probably hella bent
I was at the ending
Next week's courses: Word-Intermediate 1 (M), Dreamweaver-Basic 1 (T), Access-Basic 1 (W) & Excel-Basic 1 (R). www.shortcourses.uwm.edu
the bitches who are now making get a different one. fuck off
Happy New Year! Welcoming a prosperous Year of the Dragon.
“: You can never make anything too simple, for simplicity is the law of wisdom.”
Happy Holidays, #LasVegas!
And field trip requests are in before the deadline. I rule.
Thank you!RT
Thanks for clearing that up!
#FF Some great #Seattle #nonprofit tweeps
Happy #Digitalsisterhood Wednesday! Thanks for the shout =)
I love the way you are It’s who I am. Don’t have to try hard we always say, say like it is and the truth is that I really miss
Thanks, but Italian girls know how to work it every second of our lives. On the streets and in the sheets
Tomorrow, April 1, is my one year anniversary of quitting smoking!33 years I smoked! Now clean for 1 solid year!YEAH!!
Tomorrow's cupcakes: Banana caramel, Carrot cake, Vanilla passion fruit, Double Chocolate.
Still can't believe I got to shoot the game last night. That is going to be great on my resume
are you playing artomatic? We can't wait to rock it out with you in a few weeks. I'm loving the songs on myspace.
Most people have access to the internet in some way, yet they choose not to research items before they buy them.
Being defeated is often temporary, giving up makes it permanent.
Hitting up this month's Design Conversation. Topic is "Commonwealth/Open City" which should be interesting.
#fizzyfamily! how is everyone? who went to see Damon at Playlist? :D
amen! Miss you!
A gentle and welcome into the world of earthquakes, East Coasters!
'Praycations' a new source for enlightening travel stories - Sydney Morning Herald
We should all want a smarter more effective government. When we act together there's nothing the US cant achieve - President Obama
Exhausted...another double tomorrow
beautiful kirtan last night with the Basement Bhaktis. Now watching TED and uh...tweeting. Tweet.
I think I'll do all my shopping after sunset.
making coffee w tea filter dad got me, simple as it gets, its perfection
9 Medical Benefits including Telahealth for less than the price of one pizza per month for the entire family with Zero Co-pay
#latimesfob - what is official festival airline and hotel? do speaking authors get discount?
Today's BTU inspiration: "Love what you do, do what you love." ~Zen Proverb
If only you knew how much I think about you..
Just got my drivers license!
Dude I remember we signed up for AAU. and we didn't even play.
Michael Franklin - moderating Big Data on Campus Panel at
He better pass us thou!
My iPhone and the radio are playing the same song!
now that's a good game lol
I have entry level opportunities in Poughkeepsie and Albany-send your resume over: !!
whats good with D.rose tho ?
We are currently showing everything on your server up and running. Are you still experiencing a connection error? ^CS
lol I need to know who to contact to get on!
My sentiments exactly! Those Goo-Goos never gave your poor mayor a break!
12/17/2010 Marketing Lessons -- From the Grateful Dead? Maine Public Broadcasting Network
Excellence rewards excellence, not intentions.
We want to be somewhere where we can witness the Aurora Borealis as a band and write a groovy jam during the experience.
A year from today you'll be signing with #Purdue! :)
I imagine it'll be like taking Rose Nylund to a game. Just have play "Dancing Queen" on the PA between innings!
Ur very much welcome pretty!!
We started working on 17 new jobs this week alone. Thanks Milwaukee and surrounding areas for allowing us to serv you.
spins every THURSDAY NIGHT @ IMBIBE in Nob Hill! 9pm-Close! #Albuquerque #Nightlife!!
As a male rape survivor of a woman who drugged and then coerced me, I found it minimizing,
do 4 more sets of 7 pullups and declare victory
''Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.'' -Gandhi
What's a better Findlay, Ohio product, Aaron Craft or Domino Parmesan Bites?
Black Veil Brides guitar riffs are absolutely awesome!
Goddamn, Panic! lyrics are way too catchy <3
Shamefacedly realize that I don't even know what this year's bandwagon is.
dead. the boyz & bieber. jesus.
It's #FlopCity time in LA!!!
Old McDonald's had a farm? RT : Has anyone seen these McDonald's Farming commercials? Are they serious?
Had a blast touring the Bourbon Trail in Kentucky thanks to this weekend. Check them out! It's a great TASTY time!
what are you doing this weekend ?
I have no idea if Soros sponsors OWS. But I knew if I mentioned his name...
im tryna make things right
That word "lesbian" sounds like a disease. And straight men know because they're sure that they're the cure. ~Denise McCanles
hell yeah
Taking a break when working out can be important, don't push so hard that your body will give out during your next exercise
I have a DM to send you so follow me damnit! ;-)
I told myself I wouldn't get hurt again by you. That was the biggest lie I've told myself.
Amazing interview with John Lithgow on Chris did a really good job holding back and letting John tell his story.
Just scheduled for his next mixtape release "GUNZ n ROSEZ" hosted by coming Mar. 2nd via promo!
yesterday 30 days before that haha and the *future*
You just know CP3 gonna drain a jumper off the crossover
ALSO, while I'm on twitter...please check out www.lombardistreet.com. It's a web series I'm cast in & an amazing site all around :)
Sangria Luxe Lounge in Glendale Tonight 59th ave and utopia just south of the 101 freeway!!
Planning something AMAZING for his birthday !
Enharmonic spelling is the tool of the devil.
Heraclitus~ If it were not for injustice men would not know justice.
I'm loving it
IN TACOMA I.M OFF 2DAY ITS SO BEAUTIFUL SPEND ALLDAY OUT RAINS HERE MOST THE TIME,,,
Y'all is gorgeous.
I definitely didn't buy Jelly Bellys when I was there.
That moment when you have to remind your dad that he is actually not the coach of the Redskins and, therefore, cant make personnel decisions
How are you supporting local?
hey DanIel...yes, Edgar has found a nice home here at the Roy house. Hope all is well.
Me too, but I can't download Social Media for Learning PDF from the eLearning member site
Waking up on your own > alarm clocks
If you did not see it with your own eyes or hear it with your own ears, dont invent it with your small mind and share it with your big mouth
A quick video I put together from my day today at bit.ly/rqdTsf
"The new judge that's expected to make everyone go crazy!" Uhh, NO. Britney fucking Spears will be shit on X Factor. Fox bosses fucked up.
I completely agree
in class hby
Pass the word on: IMS09 After party/dinner at Fuse. We love family..twitter fam! Try & stay for dinner too!
#keepyourpantson unless you're hot, then you can take em off all the time for me ;)
SO STOKED! I have a new HILARIOUS AWESOME video coming out this weekend! Stay tuned, because it will make you laugh your socks off! xoxo
"Physical Comedy that has a Whey with Curds"
Sent it Jason.
Out for a long run around the lakes in the steamy heat now that the rain has stopped in
not sure, let me pass the question on to the guys at the store, or you can call Casey and ask him 614.222.0017
One last hurrah!
The neighbors they don't like me I got jays at my Dow , told my grand ion need a bed im sleeping on the flo !
Contest day!
Its everybody birthday today.
I beat you, crack of dawn!
Hey man, it was nice meeting and talking to you the other night at exit/in. can't wait to see you live again!
I had forgot to bring them srry:/
Is it too early to start pregaming for ? #arewethereyet?
Thanks for the RT.
what's a gon?
what yu say my name for
Back to work. Does anyone know the numbers for the next power ball drawing. would like to stay home next year.
TAMPA, FLORIDA - SAMMIE IS COMING HOME (((APRIL 13)))
Don't miss trivia this week on Wednesday @ 6:30 pm at the Blue Cue . This weeks bonus word is: "airplane". See you then!
We will be raffling off three PSU slyder football game day additions during blue and white weekend. Stop by & sign up
thank you so much i loved it... amazing night with amazing people thanks you you rocked columbus!!!
Going to The Happiest Place on Earth tomorrow
text me!
wish i was there
I'm drowning in my own tears listening to #TurnToYOu beautiful song ever.. we loveyou mama<33 gonna go show my mom<U+2665>
Hate crying in front of friends.
I <3 the tea you gave me. Seeing you was the best!!
I used to dream of not having a cerfew, now that I don't have one, I don't do shit lol
we are glad to have you at Reshape. We welcome anyone wanting to make huge changes in their lives, you can do it! ~RTN
Thanks to for her #libs4jobs keynote. Great talk about the importance of
you need to go to a game with me & , we're like 28-0.
Currently in the middle of the first day of winter soccer camps!
Dominos pasta bowl<U+E328>
please watch kony 2012 join invisible children this war must end he must be stoped hes ben comiting crimes for 20 years
That was sarcasm if you couldn't tell. :/
tough time staying focused today: archiving stuff, ILS, Room Reserves, ILS, squirrel!
A Bitch Nigga That's That Shit I Don't Like
Protip: there is a coffee shop 20 feet from your desk.
agree. rt ": Juliet should win just based on this group performance of 'With A Little Help From My Friends.' #TheVoice"
Damn I'm sleepy!
It is 1 thing to report something thru your chain of command, it's another thing to be a good citizen & report a crime to the authorities...
Stubborn - too stubborn though I know it ain't good.
"Spotify is so good" says Mark Zuckerberg, CEO and founder of Facebook. Surely it is ... for HIS bottom line.
I love you ! You are the best guy who doesn't know me-non friend-won't follow me-guy a guy could ever have.
I would have to agree.
now following .
maybe chucky will get lucky!
The secret of being a bore is to tell everything. --Voltaire
Looking for a comedy agent help...check me out on youtube.com Look at your head-Les
Want to be healthier? Eat less, move more. We make it more difficult than it needs to be.
This is my chance to get a nap!
It is so awesome to see Pablo hitting and playing so well. He and Timmy are who most new Giants fans identify with, IMO.
That means no phone. No twitter. No tumblr. No Facebook. No instagram. All that ish.
What happened???????
So #MittRomney doesn't remember tormenting anyone. Bullies usually don't remember, their victims (& witnesses) do though.
If I were a superhero, I'd want to be "Bread Man". That way, the ladies would say I'm a yeast in bed.
Aghhh my ex just texted me its so akward
Come see us tomorrow
I guess now you're only supposed to use 1 since we don't have typesetting equip anymore, but most of us are trained for 2.
Tea Party has highlighted gap between govmt workers & private sector workers pay - Grover Norquist.
we invite you to follow us for news on CRE lending, environmental due diligence, SBA lending, commercial lending and much more!
Clumsy cus Im Falling In love :)
"I love watching NASCAR!!"
um fast food career is in the future ....
guitar lessons!
wait... Mike thrasher... Really? We will pay you twice what he did to play at our doorstep with a thumb piano/eggshaker
hey u u never called or texted back :( #sad face
at school today sorry ya'll. Que bonita come to hh today!
so just imagine me being crazier when we in a relationship lol smh
spinning all night. Come get your fix of the best dance music in the city.
Hey InsanelyCorrupt! Thanks for following!
hOW MINDLESS ARE YOU .....send us a Picture of you being Mindless and we will pick a Winner !!!!!!!
NNNOOOOOOOOOOO! Just clicked a hulu video and now i have the stupid timeline. So not happy. F
Anyone have any good Halloween drinks? Need some cocktails to go along with the Old Style we'll be serving at our Halloween party.
Haha sorry dude...this is actually the first city I've ever visited after I left
Whose cruel idea was it for the word “Lisp” to have a “S” in it?
I love making kids all mad on call of duty lolololol I hate to be a troll but its just funny how mad they get over a game :P
I like many things, including this. Sometimes that.
you should have told me I wud have given it back to you!!
I definitely agree with the beginning but other than that it kind of says someone else determines your happiness
in bed watch movies
Jay Goldstone at budget brief: This is probably the first time I've enjoyed coming out to these meetings because there are no service cuts.
thanks for the follow! :-)
can't wait!
string quartet: a good violinist, a bad violinist, an ex-violinist, & one who hates violinists, coming together to complain about composers
Laundry, errands, and bills. Grateful for all of it.
Have u notice the people who work at jamba juice look like the people who never had a protein shake before...
seriously. my breath is RANK.
I'm not sure about this mustache.
Weirdies among us? Forgot -- I live in Los Angeles. Ever check out the mayor?
You was probably thinking. oh yeah... thats whats going down(;
"The Russian Tank" would be a great penis nickname. So would "T-55" if you're a robotic penis from Star Wars.
So is on a following spree? (: we love you nick! TI AMO<3
wicked and charmed! Yes!
tomorrow i think im gunna make a bieber background.. if its pretty illg ive it to you
are you gout I bdubs with ileana tonight?
I hate when my friends try to set me up with someone. I think I'm capable of making my own decisions.
Working on our European Study Program in Germany and Poland. Everything has been arranged for Germany, am working on Poland.
Just petted the bodega cat next door with three cute little kids and then one of them hugged me.
me too! It's a FF part for me! I can't watch it
yes ma'am lol you know me so well :)
In order to hurt my feelongs, I must first give a fuck about your opinion, for that, it must be intwlligent and valid
Prediction: 1: #CrazyBill will forget he hates me. 2: He will confront me. 3 He will mentally confront me; schizo on schizo. Betting on 3..
I wonder if is online...
“: Haha not stalkers luckily. Nice fans :) now friends!!! Party mode ON” stranger danger!!!!!
No! I don't work there...maybe ill try it at the water library ;)
Stay up to date w/ theatre district open house.
The "Kid Tay & LSKATA: Highschool" mixtape is done ... who's going to download it?
love you too<3
Gotta check it out -- is it in with Five Guys or across the street?
Lauryn Hill Exposes the Industry - (I get out of your boxes)
Are u on the good list or the bad list this year ?
To start or not to start apush homework...
Thank you!! #shoutoutsaturday :)
Ok Jump Off A Building Jump out a window, Smoke like a Junky and fuck like a nympho
Sad Face
Two "hang up" voice mails and only 1 email to address (out of 107) after 3 days off. I hope that means I run an efficient program.
follow us on twitter
<3 you! let's trade follows. I will support. There is a site on my profile too that will help promote ur stuff.
Derrick Favors could be a steal for Denver after all. Plus 2 picks could bring more size. Need size to beat the Lakers.
Thanks for the RT yesterday !
SENDING OUT A BIRTHDAY #SHOUTOUT TO MY BRAH LIVE IT UP YOU KNOW WE PARTYING HARD!!!
You'd be surprised; our favorite VIP restaurant in Shanghai was BYOB.
Purging day! Can't believe what is under the beds...the Leprachaun surely is not in this house!
Often we don't realize the consequences our actions have on others. If your decision affects another, be aware of that & act accordingly.
I honestly don't want to talk to anyone. Only talking you if I message you first.
#MyFavoriteTheWeekndSongs All of them.
it's content except when talking to tech guys. They think its them. Just another name for record label.
DESSERTS CHOCOLATE CAKE vanilla ice cream
The resort I stayed in while I was in Mexico is on Dateline..
the super moon is sick! everyone go look
Going to the park w/ later (:
When I blog about it, I'll get it right! #twitterdoesntcount!
Finna work on my English essay
How old are you? I have a Teen division that is 14 to 17 years.
But where I'm at now. Can't be any Happier
wtf???!!!! Why would u tell me what happens?
ik who this is about I feel special haha
Got really lucky on SDCC badges this year. In first 400 people!
adding goat cheese and green onions to boxed mac and cheese, omfg
I speak Jive!
i PROMISE you that I will NEVER drink&drive. Its a horrible thing that happens when you do. #RIPpeyton&drewduffy
What's three days long, unpaid, and rhymes with Pawlenty? Furloughs!
too scared of the #DwarfGang huh???
On the other hand, this person was clearly loved by many. So, well done sir or madam on a life well lived.
you're welcome!
Prelude NYC holds on at number one for favorite festival........
writing him in...sweet. I'll do the same.
My first professor playing avicii i can dig it
Saying "i miss piknik" in your photo caption isn't gonna make it come back..
i remebr these they dnt have dem nomore :D
yup, on a plane right now dubs
A positive ALERT: RT : The Spring Sale is finally here.. join us at the USC Bookstores today for great deals!
OMG.Confession of a Shopaholic is so hilarious! I can't get tired of this movie! Love it.
well it's handy to know I need to bring my horse if I plan to exceed my 2 hour max. :)
I will be doing nothing when the New Year rolls in.
No date set yet. Still trying to sort out the details but would love to involve you!
Students should not just be knowledgeable. They need to be knowledge-able. Teachers need to inspire wonder.
“My mama always used 2 tell me some friends R just strangers under the shade in due time best friends will become strangers it was written."
#centralonline intergalactic Central!
Oh NO! Not Miguel Tejada. This team has good chemistry and he is going to eff it all up.
thinking about it, I think I love you more then food
GOP! Ramp it up/jettison political correctness. Future of AMERICA at stake. Core issue to EARN White House is COURAGE LEADS!
Madden fans, TryOuts is hosting a tornament w/a grand prize of $1000!!! Call 210-558-6558 or go2 www.tryoutssanantonio.com 4 info
I would have liked to see LeBron play as if Wade wasn't on the court last night. We've seen him handle teams solo before.
Anyone interested in doing a low-tech music video for barter? Stills w/ style, hip but homegrown. Can offer voice lessons, psychic reading..
out your chips from stack well behind line or verbalize. Seems like your being petty instead of easily fixing.
Live twitter reviews by from Sideshow Fringe Fest's #cafftheatre - this is happening!
lol i know(: its ok(: it was funny haaha. and yeahh(:
sweet way to make use of cooking oil -- good think the food industry isn't running out anytime soon
you should have hit that snooping lady with an eyeful of lemon party! haha
Oh shoot! I put everything else but that in my reminders. Man! Struggling with the reminders app on the iPhone though. Will try.
Im kid's Ballgame while other 2 r performing 4 #faf dinner theater. Im gettin texts like crazy telling me how awesome my girls r doing!
That is hilarious... definitely made my day!
I seriously love you!!!!
“: How many of you know National Beer Day is April 7?....Don't celebrate too early - still have almost an hour to go. #beer”
#truelife I'm in LOVE with <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
Hey Ron Artest! World Peace my ass.
Hard to say b/c people came & went. Maybe 20-30?
Let's do the impossible!
#PrettyLittleLiars in 20 minutes.... Can't wait!!!
GOT A BAD BITCH, NOTHIN BUT BUTT. MONEY TALK FO ME SHUT THE FUK UP!
Charging for something makes you want to make it better. Jason Fried in Inc. mag.
thank u very much<3<3
RT African Americans, who r 14% of U.S. drug users, r 37% of the people arrested 4 drugs, 56% of the people n prison 4 it
thank you! :)
"Outline your life in pencil not pen."
Off to band camp
Thank you to everyone at last night's SEIU meeting for the great reception. Your energy and hard work will pay off in November!
caught up on my sleep now, how you feeling about working out tonight? Have fun at school today!
@ jsteinshouer did you see just gave jimnnicks a shout out? Feels like I should bust out the still smells like BBQ shirt.
This Katy Perry song makes my asshole pucker. I curse Russell Brand for this. Among other things.
nice shave job rake!
Wells Fargo's Curry (also on Chamber) up now. Stressing strategic nature of econ. development. reminds court that #apple has strategy too
i can no longer avoid doing laundry. i shall do this...... tomorrow....
Just saw amazing clip of the film Romero on moral leadership in the face of mortal danger.
Rough night for the #bullsfam. #teambulls . Hope we come back strong, losing noah will hurt bad tho
RT!!! ": I bet Rob Dyrdek has the funnest life!!"
are u excited to come home to your family and Justin/Spencer?
It's so hot in my apartment <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5>
Stay tuned for some more FREE Milwaukee ticket giveaways tomorrow and the rest of this week!
Jim Hughson is the gold standard for hockey announcers.
That's it! Portland you can go away now
wow looks like is very pop-ular! maybe we can spice it up and give chili lime packaging a fancy leg on the bag??
The baguette has come to be something of a symbol for France! Try one @ Firehook Bakery w/butter & jam & a nice glass of vin rouge.
Goal: find new dry cleaners, which brings up the question- what is the average life of these shops?
Great discussion tonight about the porn industry @ Gentlemen meeting. Do you think feminist porn is possible and what does it look like??
Hundreds of patients, seniors, students, families, and home care workers arriving in Albany right now to tell the Legislature: Pass the MRT!
Enjoying my DAYS Off You better Beleave it in my ( lil Boosie Voice ) ! Free Bad AZZ
I don't even know why I'm up right now being that I have a busy day ahead....
Good night <3
Heard someone say today: If I had known you could read about celebrities on Twitter I would have joined a long time ago.
as a white progressive southerner lets not pretend racism exists solely s of mason Dixon. Def exists in tea party, in all states
Great rehearsal tonight for with and - come see us tomorrow nt!!! 8 pm :)
Who?! What movie?
Idea! Let Alex Smith choose the winner! Guy pulled a double Tebow in the biggest game of his life last weekend! #hardworkpaysoff!
Thanks for the mention :)
But Scared Of What They Might Tell Me Or Scared Of All Them Needles & Shit .
Mack hits huge 3 @ at the buzzer. Butler goes to half 22-19. Very sloppy first.
Criminal Minds marathon>>>
I had no idea they were an actual band. I just thought they had a crappy TV show.
Do you know who did the cover art for this month's GI? It's absolutely amazing, and I would like to know who drew that masterpeice.
Parents got me Lollapalooza tickets for graduation!!! Freaking out!
Twitter is the best way to express yourself
"Ideas shape the course of history." John Maynard Keynes
It's borderline unhealthy how much of a high I get from buying great clothes on sale.
shelf life of Xtol is a bitch isn't it?
I really like your Twitter avatar!
Happy !!! Stop by and see me and the Mrs. at ! [#ilm]
Hi, A friend of yours William Limratana is part of our team and mentioned you are in YC. We are TechStars Applicants
Klout says I'm influential about cookies & drugs. 1st of all, Klout is a joke. 2nd, I think it's bc I called Girl Scouts drug dealers
Yeah, sometimes I can't help myself.
Temple Grandin would be proud of that translation.
This audience is going to be DIY'ers mostly--so it'll be about the basics of appraisal, preservation, starting a program.
#FF to the awesome other members of exec team :
*~Tiffaniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii i gotta tellz you something....~*
Thanks for the DM. I love your band!
where you at
Hahahaha I am. stop replying to me go on &finish yer sammich! :p #FatAss ;)jk.
This is called a slide. Not a time to worry. The thought that we should every game is a NFL mentality. DUMB.
ooooohhhh, We'll whip one up for you! :)
do you want my pin to wear on your UNLV shirt Thursday?
u will not be alone Packer Nation will be there and welcome u with open arms
CeeLA, this is The Man you are speaking to. Are you in Montreal for the 2nd show. I am Rhianna's God Father.
Great deal! RT : Come to the North Park Farmers' Market today where 94.9 FM will be giving away FREE Festival of Arts Craft...
where was that boy?
Passed Network + Certification Today
It is slavery to live in the mind unless it has become part of the body.
I KNEW WHEN DON CORNELIUS DIED DICK CLARK OR CASEY KASEM MIGHT BE NEXT..BUT I GREW UP ON DICK AND I MEAN THAT IN A NON SEXUAL WAY. ALMOST..
i am thoroughly deliberate and mean what i say... so if I said it, I meant it, and can be accountable for it. I realize this is rare...
Thanks Maggie! Glad to have you and you beautiful shop on board. What unique jewelry - we love it!
free show this saturday at centinnial park..
let's hang
Take no prisoners bud and rough up poor Ryan again! >:) LOL. Good luck Dustin.
Do I have good taste in women or not? You are in my top five list most beautiful women in the world!
This is true. And dumb. “: In Virginia, you are legally considered to be 21 years old on the day before your 21st birthday.”
Thank you Ariana! I love you you're so nice! (:
do u think u can just lie to me and it will be ok..
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> yea it did lol well hey Ms. Scales <U+2764>
Thanks for coming in today!!
exactly seven months to go!!
All the same! "I got the whole band set up in the basement and we are jamming." - Bach
Congratulations! A fantastic thing indeed!
It sho is chilly out there, but it is toaty up in the Moo Moo. Sissy is pourin a mean bloody Mary, git up and git down here and git you one
The peep show
Midlakes Basketball: It was great having our 6th grade travel team come watch/participate in our varsity practice tonight.
great time at the 2011 10k Rum Run benefiting Children's Cancer Association this weekend!
Someone told me coconut water is great for a hangover!
Jennifer Paper: Tops at the Box Office: &#39;Think Like a Man&#39; reigns ...
Awesome week in Cali with the rents! Went by way too fast.
FLORIDA LINE!!!! Whoot whoot party time :)))))
Hey man what's up?
Care to lend them to me when you're done? Otherwise I'm going to hit up the good old library this w/e to check them out.
FYI...it's Tax Day. Get your return in!
Saw Ann Pachett last night great way to spend an evening.
yeah but the pictures do taste funny... but we took enough pics to remeber it well...
THANK YOU “: can't wait to see all of his looks this weekend! Very talented designer!”
I'm just gonna laugh at that
“: "You do the right thing then the right thing will happen." Paul Teutel, Jr. #radicalgrace”
wahoo can't wait!!
A week of being sick again & still making it out to the gym for a 3 mile run & weight training. Half regrets but hate being non-productive.
Probably. Your advice stands for those who aren't 100% comfortable walking in to a place of business to sell yourself to them.
If Jelena broke up, they would tweet about it. Now, stop making those damn rumors.
Full Time Levitating
When's your next fight?
Im sad cause i cant watch ustream cause im at school
#socialmedia is boring, let's find ways to interact and effect the physical world says .
holy sh!t, I love me some Pink Martini. Congrats! Thanks for coming to see Dear John Mayer!
ANVC's providing the digital humanities keynote at today's IE Semantic Computing conf., inc. Scalar's semantic processes
One of the greatest reasons to use social for deals is to capitalize on the influence of friends.
Being on my period is the excuse I use to be a bitch
This nigga #mayweather talks big shit, but can you blame him?!
OH: Apparently, if you don't have a BIG following, you can't get the ladies.
I had no idea <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Just gotta say I was stoked to see u in the premiere issue of :D Much <3 xoxoxoxo
could you PLEASE tell me the flight info for when the boys come to nyc?:) <3
I feel like I'm stuck in an academic "groundhog day"
"When are we going to stop declaring war on things and start declaring solutions?" Brie Loskota
indirectly wasn't your father partially responsible for taking away your job then? Was that pulling strings.
So it would probably be counterproductive if I told you Link's Awakening is better and pestered you to play that, huh?
Almost just lost my ipod to the sewer people >.<
If this baby cries the whole flight I'm going to punch it.
i want to tell her. but. i dont want her and or him to hate me. but she needs to know
“: Thank you to all the agencies who participated! #aiganc” thx u all for spreading the word about #Raleigh #design community!
Is so happy it is beginning to feel alot like Christmas...
Awesome! is def the best place to try it first!
She's not down with morning sex? Not cool.
I want to scratch my chest off right now. This was not a good idea.
One panel has been ransomed! Come down to see it!
Same thing here, for exact same reason--except it's the Moe's in Terminal C.
that's the way to think :) why doesn't everyone think that way?
Lol I trust I my gut... and it says ima get kicked out which I'm prepared for because ima move in with my Ex-GF she's bi
omg my uncle is bout to talk my head off
What a great game by flyers and rangers earlier today! Loved it!!
Yes, frustrating! I wish people would play fair.
Not being in school >>>
Pleasure meeting you at Avila last night. The country & Constitution need you and you have my support.
Had a great social media training session with our team in Australia. It’s going to be great to work with the folks Down Under!
I left home at 13. My only pictures are of me in the army. Helmet hair
iReally don't know what iWanna do ...
It sounds like Wilpon had a few bourbons before making critical comments about his own #Mets players.
Waiting for this Laker game to start <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
#10ThingsYouCouldDoForMe Go to my room, get my phone so I can call someone who gives a fuck
I wanna go see #Lorax tonight!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
This just sucks. I knew what was gonna happen & I still went for it.
Hollie was AMAZING!
Came home early to sleep and Donald wants me to go run errands.
Forecast for Monday Night: Partly cloudy in the evening then low clouds and fog. Lows 53 to 58. Light winds.
Yep, I am
I'm tired of people calling me crazy!..im not freaking crazy!!
cool business! Check them out for a fun weekend activity in
Just spent 3 hours gardening. Wonderful, but I'll be sore tomorrow!
Q5: What are the most creative event ideas that you've seen?
has anyone told you how cute you are ?<3
crowdsourcing is great til some monolith monetizes it and makes it just another form of labor to entrap naive people to earn for them
well thank u. I got a new friend. U can give me a treat
I'm fine as long as I don't try to speak.
they must not be playing then!! LOL!
RT : POTUS kept his promise to end War in Iraq!
Welcome aboard! DOJ has asked a federal judge to compel incoming J&J CEO Alex Gorsky to undergo questioning regarding J&J paying kickbacks.
Sally realness being served by the pound.
Creativity; never without passion or the utmost desire to create perfection in one's eye not need be your own
y does it matter?
Nice. Would love to see how you tallied that sometime.
seriously, who has business cards with no #
Saw #50/50 tonight...is there any Seth Rogen movie where he isn't smoking weed?? lol
I think you do a great job! RT : Thank you for saying that I appear to always be informed. :) I try my best.
Monday! You're so good for the soul! Motivated & inspired to give more, become more & make life happen the way I see it & want it to be.
The #Rangers need to go up by 3, cuz the #Cardinals will just tie it up again if they go up by 2.
word 150k: 'shifted'. good lord, here i am, 3 #nanowrimo's deep, and i'm still going at it. what a stupidly awesome journey this has been.
hahaha. Reggie's always there to be my hype man
Wow!:) I'm so appreciative that you love me on #HartOfDixie <3 That means so much to me!
Hopefully people read between the lines and find some wholesome value -important for grad students to experience publishing
For Volstad at that... #WTF Ozzie building for another championship???
QPR 2 Arsenal 1 - Wow. On any given day. This is a beautiful game.
that's the way to go bro.
I heard 1D might have to change their name. :o
Loved the "Wizard of Oz Panel" clip on #Oscars tonight! Funny stuff!
Hagadone striking out side!!
it's gone already.. Lol... Were u from?
Corporate & Private Events <U+2605> Bar/Bat Mitzvahs <U+2605> Event Coordination <U+2605> Event Management <U+2605> Guerilla Marketing <U+2605> Consulting
Early voting for City of Milwaukee residents now through Fri, Mar 30th,M-F, 8:30-4:30 pm
Aboriginal Support Workers provide personalized help for health care
what about kanye west
Time for a midnight snack.....
I am so jealous! My dad tomorrow will be spent finishing up Theatre and translating an insane amount of German. :(
"If you want it done right do it yourself" is leader-follower. Don't get trapped in that mentality.
OMG that was amazing... they were all wearing combat boots!!!!!!!
Just realized the Jello pudding I ate for dinner expired last November :(
PlayBook sold out in India as festive sale gives RIM tablet rare boost
With each song, we're compelled to become better story tellers. And the story is always about
Actually, it turns out that next week Saturday, March 17, is the official annual citywide retard festival.
I should be sleep -.-
Yes- I was telling her to talk to Leo, he has the gift to gab... and makes a hell of a drink /cc
Does this Borders bankruptcy affect O'Reilly at all or is it a non-issue?
must be a good weekend for you #texans #cougs #niners #collegegameday next week #tigers #heard you saved money on car ins
TWEETING IRRELEVANT ISH BECAUSE YA KNOW YO TO THE FLICKING LO
I feel the same way... RT : I'm so sad right now. Mo is a Class Act. The classiest guy in the game.
why aren't you going..?
I can't wait for early morning church service on Twitter with
FYI get ready for an exciting promotion for our facebook fans. like us today to become eligible.
We have many great products in our store that are hand made by great artists!
Yup. Something is definitely wrong here #theworldwelivein RT : $8 for grapes? that's 40 chicken nuggets...
Got a case of the Wednesdays? Then maybe our lunch comfort food buffet will...comfort you. Featuring London Broil & Baked Ham. Just $8.95!
I have a family of 4 and all kinds of prescription needs with kids etc. Not stealing my business from Walgreens yet.
RT : Q2: If you won the $640 Million jackpot last week, which organizations/causes would you donate money to?
You guys looked so cute. We're at Bungalow if you're done romancing. :)
Even if we never talk again...we will always be friends.
Thanks for the Intro! ------ Awesome person #1 (Leo) meet Awesome person #2 (Cara)! :
Worst game of Wade's career. Fall seven times, stand up eight. Believe in you, friend.
good job tonight for the Sixers.
#ImWeakFor A green eyed, brown/dark haired boy, AKA Nick :) <3
Come on O's! You can do this! Then its time for a Budlight in Federal Hill!
I bet Super Cards fan was crapping his pants last night.
I am now in pre-production for the video series, storyboarding the first season.
Wentworth's finished speaking. Someone from Idaho is up now.
Death For Cutie
Kamara was fight for it all night long. Was harrassed by defense, got bad calls, still put it in the net for the lead
makes my heart pitter patter
is contemplating throwing the printer out of the office window... only it's a skylight and I'm worried it'll fall back down on my head
where's and ?
hell yea THANK YOU!!!! Puts a smile on my face :)
RT : Today in Jewish Sports History:1941 Hank Greenberg hits 2 HRs in last game before army to serve in WWII
#Feminist social science is some of the toughest cuz it often demands U locate UR own power & privilege in UR work...so rewarding tho
God Morning
oh I do. Let's start with low eyes pouty lips one
Ready for the #mnstatefair ! Don't forget to check out the KARE barn!
Is Melo gonna show up?
#marketing is a harmonic use of tools to communicate. You wouldn't fix a leaky faucet with a shovel right?
Want to know what would be AWESOME? If noticed or followed me. Seems how I'll PROBABLY not ever meet him in person. Oh well :/
omg you went again? Dx lol you have to take me! miss you to(:
duh. Versatility is my middle name.
He rips out some of your tracks in your head
An apology is not telling someone Ur sorry and in the same breath blaming the altercation on the other person..Grow up dude!
whatever it is sucks to be you
RT RT! Prod I saw your hazel contacts! They fit you so so good and tomorrow will the day to watch y'all on !
The word Checkmate in chess comes from the Persian phrase Shah Mat, which means the king is dead
what did ya do? ;)
OMG your clothes are so fabulous that I can not resist!!!
most of the time, they can be off track with flowing conversation sometimes
<U+2600>Good<f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B4>Morning<U+2600>
When thinking of data and discovery consider what insight will help authors and consumers connect.
Only in quiet waters do things mirror themselves undistorted. Only in a quiet mind is adequate perception of the world.
Brazil? More like No-Bras-ill! #AmIRight?
Goo goo ga joob. We hope u dig the tunes & the video. We gotta find these guys!!!! Best & success.
After all these years, I still enjoy watching
Good to know, I'll def. need to invest in a good set then :)
Idk why it happens but sometimes i feel Disconnect.
Awake since 4:30 & a busy day today. Thank goodness for diet coke.
Thanks dude! Ok I will as soon as I get off work at 2 today :)
Why do I do the things I do
yesterday you did that
Why do i like you so much
I love hearing non-xmu content on the station. I keep hoping for the weekend you allow listeners to take over.
Happy Friday everyone!
My man is cold blooded
what do you mean? what WIM nonsense?
just planted a window box outside my manhattan kitchen window. petunias and little white lace like things.
3) The only challenging thing about these games is trying to play without spamming friends or spending $$. That's no incentive to spend $$.
oh, and yes... is fabulous.
ok do last night. lil' wayne was singing all calm at the beggining,he started rapping all of a sudden he had to take his shirt of !!WTF! why
I'm going up to the poconos but I am not sure what time yet. If I can get that in before leaving I will let you know.
IU plays UNC next year for big ten/acc challenge! It's gonna be a good one
thats what you think;)
even if it's during sex?
hey, do you have a link to some of your editing wok?
NAFTA planted seeds for drug war. MT It was surreal to realize corn tortillas I bought in Mexico were made in US
Work every day Know what time it is Beer thirty ! M
the 2012 Dodge Challenger = sex on wheels. i won't rest till i get that car!
I wanna go to Kfc nd eat a Famous Bowl
It is not ignorance but knowledge which is the mother of wonder
trivia question #203: 1st documented case in 16th-c England, legend connects it variously to St Nicholas and the Druids
when is the next event?
Wooh.. had a rough day... Sitting on the couch with my laptop is wellness for the soul right now!
jealous of that cast, I would kill to be in something directed by you!
FYI- Play the 3 and 15-- Gemologist and Take Charge Indy). Happy Derby!
We'd do well to listen!;-) “: JohnWillinsky: every Canadian enjoys lecturing Americans abt their own country #mobilityshifts”
let's take it over.
But it's certainly your prerogative to see it that way if it fits your viewpoint.
#8: Obstructing an officer (lying to the police), FINE:
Happy Thanksgiving! =)
What time does the debate start?
Awe. Some. Awesome! :)
LMAO too funny. Watch out, your aunty is a techie gangster! :P and how do you use this pintrest? any other media sites other-
love you!!!
Schools should also keep their computers and wifi available to students after school. Learning/instruction should happen beyond 3pm
No Pulitzer for Fiction this year? Unnnnncool.
Ron Artest and the retired Anthony Mason songs would be Three Days Grace "Riot" because their always fighting
Pleased Sanitation picked up all the liquor bottles & I set out for recycling. Benefit: less trash being dumped on Hollins St.
No prob, it's always interesting to hash this stuff out. It's why I do what I do!!
. Great story of startup hustle! Great lessons to be learned!
The new Living Colour album is blowing my mind apart, but not to pieces. It's great.
Spring break flew by way too fast. Summer where you at? <U+E42D><U+E04A><U+E054><U+E307>
My mental relationship with
Just tried a Turtle Bar from Oberweis Dairy for the first time. Delicious!
YES to Emory's please!
inspired to study silent gesture & expression. think i'll devote 1 day to hands, mouth, gaze... what else?
This eagles team looks scary good.
You can't claim it as Breaking News if someone else broke it 6 hours ago. That's like a used car being "new to you."
You better not die xD or i'm gonna kick your butt Mr. Novelli
If you're not a happy person. do you know it? I think I'm happy most of the time, but I'm failing on this list this guy is laying out.
Hey, yeah! I'm not much of a jogger, but I do love some tennis... I'd also like to swim at the Tosa pool more this summer.
fuck yeah lol I feel u :)
"I've got your Super Moon"
I dont feel the joy in the air no more.
#imsofuckedup i think im writing hilarious facts
haha you're welcome... nerd. :)
You might be a Communist or Socialist if your marching in a May Day Parade today. See USSR, Cuba, Venezuela for examples…
wow thats nuts you get to go to the roxy on prom jk yeah im a graphic designer nyah. wat bout you?
Models imply that it is easy to determine who is info literate, regardless of subject matter, etc
i know how you feel.. i have biostats on tuesday and i have yet to study =/
Best bet is one-on-one w trainer to get started. Some PTs offer eval/advice. Beginner series at hospital-affiliate gym.
Lots of truth there - hard on those days when I dont feel relevant
I would love to!
Hey, you don't. Have. To commit a felony.
That's fine. But I get to be armed with full auto plasma rifles. 140 megawatt range.
Antoine Dodson committed to Ohio State?
Never give up! :)
happy mothers day Mull
dance moms is so ridiculous.
hahaha they are probably gonna start making out and stuff...
Worrying works! 90% of the things I worry about never happen.
Would love to have you on #okcshow when you're mobile and able, and if schedule allows. Hope the recovery is going well.
Coach McCarthy doing a live PC today?
We're doing well too, just a little too busy sometimes :-)
I am looking forward to working with Brent Olds in the studio tomorrow!
Thanks so much for all of the birthday love from my friends family clients and fb followers! Xo!
": I love hearing old songs I used to love. They're like memories you can always go back to."
Headed to Phoenix and Denver for #sportsbiz meetings through Monday. Annual conference week follows. Busy is an understatement.
Paranormal Activity 4? White people: Please stop... You're making us all look bad.
Looking for work.
To hurt our RPI I assume RT : What's the point of BracketBusters for the Valley now? Losing the CAA is a big loss for that event.
1996 i believe
True Blood tonite!!!!
-ball, baseball, He thinks he's gonna score, If you let him go all the way Then you are a whore- <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Say Something is still my jam.
couldn't agree more! School, school, school!
#socialmedia way to go Thanks for the info.
Everyone keep talkn bout the avenger movie......I need to see this
You better get to gettin on your goodbye shoes.
what do you mean traveling?
Crawled back into bed after a two hour yoga class and a walk through the rain to find it still warm. Inordinately thrilled.
Lolz, so funny!
Good morning people!! Have any tattoo humor to get the day off to a fun start?!
RT : #140Cuse Quickest way to give your business a facelift: treat your customers better.
maaanee, my screen cracked..! :(
Devastated. you're a kink chick and rocked my world for months! On to the next one I guess..
Loving Florida found a beautiful house in a beautiful hood lol.
hi cleavage! Rawe
word. I like this guy's site, but I don't have nearly enough $ to roll like he does.
Why are all vinnyss attractive. LOl ceptt this one I know but besides him the rest are like unfunfunf
Love being on the West Coast and finding out everything that's happening in the Grammys. So thankful for tape delay. Thanks CBS.
Fill in the blank: The toppings that go best with Original are __________________.
Why do I buy Real Simple magazine? There are 2 pages devoted to dish racks. WTF.
haha, I saw your next tweet and lol'd
Boycott Happiness is Pets pet store. They sell puppies from puppy mills that have distemper.
+1 MT : Has considered BEWITCHED-Darren spoof for last 13 #Community eps - new actor play Pierce in each one?
Dress rehearsal with Collective for SHORTS. Fri/Sat 8pm @ Theatre Project. I'm getting full, slapped, lonely, and lung cancer. Check it out.
Heading out shortly to #LBGP. Pro/Celeb Race, FIL and INDYCAR qualifying, + ALMS race, Steppenwolf concert.
HOUSE OF BLUES - ORLANDO - AUG 15 - IRRATIONAL - come see my band and leave some blood on the dance floor.
Workplace #safety tip: Rest the muscles of your eyes by focusing on a distant object occasionally
R.E.M broke up.
Girls trip? Maybe Napa... Mountains & wine! RT : Wishing I was still in the mountains...
sounds like a good day! And I agree with Wardog on the screen saver haha! :)
zima that is a blast from the past... Do they still sell that swill?
Attention Arlington & Ft Worth: the All Texas Garden Show featuring Neil Sperry is Next weekend Feb 26-28. www.thehomeandgardenmarket.com
#SPARC_binfield impressive Article Level Metrics suite will be open source, advocated
just a heads up the Vols are gonna be back this year
There are real journalistic issues for a paper that invested in UK bball, but "don't troll the fanbase" isn't a tough call.
haha! True again. It's ridiculous
wow. That is bizarre
haha. The Broken Bells playlist is usually good, but it's not perfect.
The funny thing is most people can take bad advice. Not many can put good advice into action.
Still up studying:/
One of my friend told me I will learn you Spanish and she will but after she forget to learn.. I am waiting to my Spanish teacher..
YES. I feel like the magic has been lost. This isn't good at all.
newt to romney .....ZING!
how?:o
yes it can. Surprised that I like it but it's because of the the label! I should know not to judge by the cover by now.
Iv had 4 concussions I think I'm a candidate for Alzheimer's <U+E411><U+E411><U+E411>
Aww thank you! How are u
Yes, i wear high waisted shorts/pants but, who told bell bottoms were a trend?
Time to start mt day with cleaning this messy ass room of mine.
Ima start a riot ima start a riot....
Up next is Biz Dev Today presentation by Dave Delaney of DaveDelaney.me and Courtenay Rogers of Bone McAllester Norton
I think I should just forget about that person that I loved for six years because I will never see him a gain
I said it last week and I'll say it again. Annoying people really step it up on Monday!
"Don't open a shop unless you like to smile."
Strong riding! I'm envious.
What's happening tonight?
you can do it!
Still in shock that the Big Man Clarence Clemons is gone
hahaha!! That was a fun one to draw!
You were supposed to be my good mates..you don't even bother to talk to me anymore..
omfg im screaming YOU'RE GOING TO CANNES?
: Why is that?
Tony Parker up-and-under #STop10!
Almost gym time!:-D
did you purchase your megaticket yet?
lol ya its all about getting it done correctly lol
Rangers with their 1st power play.
Why can't things get better
Still no Gardner for the Yankees
Hey everybody
Haha, yeah. I went to a concert this summer but I didn't get to meet any of them so I definitely want to go again.
. There's no need to eradicate an imaginary god, but we do try to limit the damage done by believers to our societies.
Spinning Thursday night at g/r/a/n/d in Stamford, CT, 10pm -1am! Come out and support at 15 Bank Street!
Ben Vershbow, being boldly naive allows for stumbling into unique possibilities
There's probably irony in my using Steve Keene's rock&roll paintings to muffle 's (great) drumming through our floor vents.
please follow jadens army! <3 its his first official one! <3 GOGOGO ! & tell your followers to also<3xxx
Hey and can we make #alternatepurposesforthe223project a trending topic?
This is the final day! Come check out the incredible student work before we close! Our doors are open until 5 PM.
signed CD by Cody Simpson :)<3
#15peopleilove #1 my mom. Im so thankful for everything she does for me. She means the whole world to me. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097> happy mothers day.
yes you will! I'm home now but I will be visiting sometime this fall are you staying there this summer?
You're far too kind. ... But you're welcome...Hermano.
i loved it! cute movie with great life lesson. I was sad to find out the zoo is all the way in Europe! Lets go in April!
I'm going to try for like end of June or sometime in july
Flight is delayed in Philly because catering failed to show up
emphasis on the "I didn't care" ..... y u picking fights? Lol
Treat it as candy instead of gum RT : Fruit Stripes gum is the best gum in the world....for 2.3 seconds.
“When a team outgrows individual performance and learns team confidence, excellence becomes a reality.” Joe Paterno
Frick Park Market; where we kickin' out the garbage. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Maybe a nap
happy oatmeal muffin day
OMG this dude got a quad MOAB, didnt spawn trap, and won the match in 6v6 Dom! What a beast!
Not just for sports people... "You miss 100% of the shots you don't make." - Wayne Gretzky
won't get critical training unless we #SaveCACs. Tell your US Rep today to support Victims of Child Abuse
I'm just kicking it out here you know, that'd be great for real
#FACT - Chris and his brother Crawford are part unicorn. Don't ask questions.
Do all things with love. - Og Mandino
- they'll be doing an inshore in Hollywood on October 20th too!
You better make an appearance miss.
I'm just tweeting because i decided yesterday to tweet at least once a day. Re-dedicating myself to twitter for the first time. Go bills.
Groups are being directed to begin discussion.
It's Thursday- but we are signing out early. Have a good weekend everyone, catch you next week!
cool! Is it SOC? I think I cannot audit from the SOC :(
House goes to bench with fourth foul.
Im so ready 4 teen wolf RT IF U R TOO ~LOVE . BE AFRAID.~
yeah, I was bummed to learn that it wasn't the one that I had hoped.
SOON! You will be pointing a me and not be afraid! :D
I've decided to avoid reading about the derby for a while. Was driving me insane. I've now got ~15 tabs waiting for me. Gulp.
Currently experiencing the best bar playlist
discarding cassette tapes. bliss.
you are becoming a world traveler! Please come back and stay in Dallas for a while!
“: in a recent survey it was found that 59% of people like to check their emails while using the toilet.”
So true...": "Example, whether it be good or bad, has a powerful influence." — George Washington | #quote"
If you only kewn , but you don't ..so ha
Maybe the point is: does anyone have use for ineffective teachers:
That was awkward & out of no where. Okay then.
haha yeah Idk how I lasted this long
u guys can come now
Can't wait for next year then! RT #Braves are 11-1 with Chipper Jones in starting lineup, 4-9 when he's not
"Is this a business proposal or a Dadaist manifesto?" - my husband, after reading about one of my organization's strategic initiatives.
just one more week of school and I start my break. omfg. YES.
Why Your Marketing is Missing the Mark (And How You Can Fix It)
I just wanna make bitches dance.
Brewers bangers and kraut, sunday supper. Go crew, and pack. Cellar has its tvs....
Pitchers and catchers report Feb. 20th. Go #Mets!
yaaaaaay! That's right, he should know better! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><U+263A>
the extras are fantastic IMHO. The commentary is very insightful and there's a nice peek into the collection of
Yes, that was part of our nighttime ritual for a long time. Still, I love Big Red Barn. Maybe it's the Nebraskan in me.
You are welcome! RT Thanks for following
#stress is going to drive me to the edge! I don't handle anxiety well....and I am full of it lately...Keep on keepin on, right??
They MIght Be Giants! Getting ready to go on-air on for a live performance...this Friday is getting to be a pretty good one....
I was pregnant in my dream last night... Yeah, that's right. #wtf #wheresfreudwhenyouneedhim?!
Great food and beautiful people! That is the scene baby! Wine and dine!
If you can manufacture cells to do what you want, these "software packages" may qualify for an extended period write-off.
we are glad we can make a difference!
Thank you for following us. Please Visit us at www.entrepreneurschoolforkidsinc.com for a better look into our school.
“ Keep fighting the good fight everyone. Hold on to your dreams as you make them come true.”
Baking some BIG Key Lime Cookies today!!
they're called 'mock elections' anyways..
Night and day in 2 hours. Apple Store Lincoln Park listened to me, diagnosed the issue and can fix it.
Good but when i got home and seen you didnt follow me it turned out bad :(
they're muy terrible! -.-
I'm an over acheiver, so how about i start a team of leaders and pick up stevie wonder to be the wide receiver
Oh please believe I will she gon be mad when she me makin it and imma keep it pushin
Really looking for #stoke to score here. Good pressure and build up the last few minutes
"Every town needs as many Boo Radleys as it can get."
shady bitches <<<
Bynum needs to get his head out of his a$$ for half the game!!
Who r u & y are u angry at bella ?
And now I'm out.
George S. Patton: You're never beaten until you admit it.
Where did you get your Henley in your Twitpic.? :3
Just started following about 100 followers, sorry it took me so long, but I look forward to hearing what you have to say!
It's no prank, we're open until 6pm today, so come check out our 16 exhibitions! And Happy April Fool's Day :)
im tired of everyone talking bout how real they r FOH!!!
hahaha! Deep thoughts. Let's go with work...
...50 million dollars and lost a twenty dollar bill. :S
- Ouch! I've fallen down my fair share of stairs. No fun. Not my walkway, not my problem. That's what I say.
I love you. You are the best thing ever. That's all.
What's good Wi??
Cheaters was mad funny last night.
here he goes again! I can't wait to check out the new Dallas!!!! (Gonna steal them from Jas ASAP!)
Redneck sin number 1 "saying the pledge without your hand on your heart"
BOTDF Tonight At The Social Who The Fuck Else Is Going.?!?!?!
"Balance" is different for everyone. There is no perfect tool.
Thanks for the follow <U+E415>
no problem
#immvt active learning is different for different types of learners
Did you know...If 7% of the world's Christians adopted ONE child, there would be no orphans in the world.
There's nothing more annoying and frustrating than wanting to move forward with someone who is content with stationary
I agree with you statement..... not pleased..
All These Songs Are The Bomb!!!
Friday, at last. That's all I got.
yes! Let me know!
thanks got her she is such a great actress!
Phone on ten % and dont have no charger caz i left it over my friend house Fffffffffuuuuuuuccccckkkkkk!!!!!!!
so true!! hope you are doing great! Been a long time-since we did the broadcasts in Greece for Olympics!! What a blast!
SHIT. I LOCKED MYSELF OUT OF MY HOUSE
Who laughs when they get hit by a truck ? O_o
Adele has one of the best voices i've ever heard. I hope she wins a VMA!
Life will sometimes hand you a raw deal don't take it to heart learn from it
S/O to my phone always being on 0% battery life
Its funny how we live in a world where everyone tries to fit in when honestly there is no such thing... We all fail in the end <\3
I have a HUGE project that I'm gonna be showing off at the Wasabi Japanese Steakhouse 4/21 at 7! Come on out...this is gonna be HUGE!!!
Ty David ur the only one who cares!!!!!!!
Thanks for posting the video. Peter was a lot of fun!
Bully=Entitled, Entitled = 99% #nogo #obsoletethinking Does Romney's alleged pranks in high school change your opinion of him?
Today in Literary History: On April 21, 1816 Charlotte Bronte (author of JANE EYRE) was born in Yorkshire, England.
My son is in your tech class last period of the day! :-)
Smh car was full and you late
tough call. Bruce Almighty or Driving Miss Daisy. Toss up. u?
Looking to my PLN for resources on Webb's Depth of Knowledge.
I'm loitering outside 914 if you're lurking about.
I am fine, Thanks, How are you? Long time no call, no see. What's new?
I didnt have to present today. Im so cool.
=> 1st Black woman on the cover of Vogue... wow! Thanks for the follow - following back :-)
The next time I see a computer I'm deleting my twitter. It's just unhealthy now.
man I missed mikey!!!!!! FML): only if I was online when he was!
Suggestions for our fall & winter menus?! Both drinks and food! What are your favorite fall dishes?!
awe your welcome! Plz post more of him from now on! He's too cute not to be seen lol he made me smile so much
Yes, until Tuesday
Desire, when correctly channelled is an extremely powerful and positive force.
Seeing Rene Marie tonight with KeJuan Carter. Good times ahead.
when uses big words <<<
Daily Dose of Goodness: Today, deny yourself something. The cheapest toilet paper is quite sufficient.
So I'm extremely confused. I want to but I can't. I really can't. Which makes me not want to...
So do you guys
how would beans feel about that
Alright, that was the last one.
“: "If all your dreams came true, what would you really be doing? I'd be blogging. I'm doing it" via #mom2summit”
I'm okay to drive.
has REALLY great tweets!
I may have bought a few too many pounds of ground beef for our party yesterday...now I need some recipes to make something of it!
Nice dip on WSML!
Just got in from maken money n sweatn out wit a quicc run park
even worse--in the WC fishbowl office!
Good morning! It's a beautiful day! We should do a comedy show. Well, I am. I'm at Laugh Lounge 151 Essex St, 9PM
Monte Carlo "Join Us For VIP Month this March": Monte Carlo "Join Us For VIP Month this March" *We're All VIPS in...
It's way better than "you have bad veins, let me poke you six more times." Trust me.
So glad no one is listening to the teacher.
If I threw it at ya wld ya knw hw 2 catch it?
#Palomar board proposing to use parking ticket money to help keep the college afloat, with extra $1 million flowing into general fund.
I'm on a drug. It's called Charlie Sheen. It's not available. If you try it once, you will die.
#bosskanky and accurate. RT : All I want right now is some head and Popeye's
ugh no fun
RT If something is not happening for you, it doesn't mean it's never going to happen. It means you're not ready for it.
RT : “Be presidents of each other's fan clubs.” - Tony Heath
"Let's See Today's Plan, Spend Time With My OG, Than Go DownTown After All That, Available To Come Outside.!
#9RoundMinute: 20 Toe-Touches topped with 30 Flutter Kicks!!
Words of wisdom RT Who has learned to garden, who did not at the same time learn to be patient. ~ H.L.V. Fletcher
He's the only one I want, and he just doesn't understand it.</3
if one direction does a signing in orlando i will be there like 3 days early omfg
I feel like I haven't listened to Mayday Parade since the show. They tell my life stories.
It's another name for binky.
stop tweet watchin,
Shark has been jumped. : Glee Casting Surprise! Lindsay Lohan in Talks to Guest Star ://t.co/HqyemYhI
Check out the new pictures of the absolutely stunning Katie Stephens! Feedback is always appreciated :)
well now im in school for my ap art studio test thing. but i will when i get home honey bunches
hey pdx people. i'm the singer for Bent Utensil. Covers of songs by A Perfect Circle, done acousticly. we wanna play a show. venues?????????
Not sure exactly how can deny the accuracy of #GameChange when the McCain staffers say the book/movie reflect reality..
hey what the jets are doing I feel like they not doing anything I am getting piss
On a clear night, YES! #yum RT: : can you see the person st. krispy kreme sign from the governor's mansion?
I just fed my dog Luke Cheerios!
NFC-enabled posters also enable trackable data, analytics, dynamic content, information sharing...
This weather is ridiculous! Sunshine now please!
New music from tune in
We're working on a bunch of new dates for this summer! Where do you want to see us play?
I mean look at mine...
I need ice
Sorry that last tweet should have mentioned
when was the last time you heard something relevant about Penus Kanter?
I love u for winning #congrats I'm so I'm so proud of u
FOLLOW ME <3
Make sure you always keep eye contact in meetings. Trust is not established or maintained without it. SeanLetwat
Feel like a semi just hit me
It’s a sweet time for a pastry! Join us today in celebration of National Sticky Bun Day for a great selection of baked sweet goods!
On #Maui? Headed out for dinner? Head to , say code word "ESCAPE" & score a free appetizer! 5/18 only.
i am!(: you shall be very proud!;:
I thought that at least they would let them win the foot volley game but I think that Q of M cheated
hahha yes. Ok, I don't actually hate anyone. I just don't want to date most men I meet.
duh-am, i be full.
Wah! I think im getting sick, calling it a night.
Time 2 spike the hot chocolate,,make snow angels, & sled down these big hills n douglasville neighborhood! #snowatl bitches! Partys here!
And now I'm getting all the complicated returns. Awesome.
If someone seriously wants to be a part of your life, they will seriously make an effort to be in it.
I still don't think you realize how much I honestly like you.
That was Tristan my senior year. We couldn't get him to stay awake. Like always... see you tomorrow!!!
Yeah! Thanks for registering!
Cam. The bears defense has let up 300+ yds in passing every game so far. I'm still anxious to see Flacco tho.
Wait, my job has it's own Gossip Girl... Just got an email with some news signed "you know you love me..." Corporate life ain't too bad.
define "interactive & high tech"
Northshore swappers, we're coming your way on January 22! Mark your calendar now, details coming soon!
But no, that's fine with me. I shut him up my damn self.
occupiedmedia.us ~ Cardboard Protesters Take Berlin via
Nice! You're making jealous with these finds.
Never shopping at the regular Urban Outfitters again, its all about that Urban Surplus. A jumper, shirt and wallet - $18
And on the 7th day God created Tom Brady. #Patriots + #TebowTime =
just had a huge freak out and crying session over the phone with my Dad about school. actually scratch crying... SOBBING.
Oh Yes! I am sorry I have not responded, I was gathering performers for you. You should hear from Penelope Rose soon. : )
Cant wait for Saturday's football practice.!
I got 2nd place man.I was rite there.lol
Music to start my morning !
I like this.
RT for chance to win & tickets today! Contest rules coming up soon!
”Momma what's a Snooki ? ” ...Nothing you need to concern yourself with. ”Well whatever it is it sounds bad” ~ Natalie :)
I think I already have one!
Did u get the 42" tv?
I could care less... DIEKMAN GOT THE WIN IN HIS FIRST MLB GAME!
sorry. I'm winning that jackpot yo. Backoff. Lol kidding :)
It's like I want to get up and make food...but that means getting up and making food...ever feel this lazy???
Who wants the new May 2012 mix from your favorite dj??? HANDS UP!
Sounds like you MIA folks got a great DJ for the opening #AAM2012 party
I am sad about Meg Ryan's face.
you're in a different country so I don't think that's going to work...
Way to go #Rangers coming up big in the 11th
Send a DM if you want to join our mailing list. No spam... Just GOOD music
Jeselnick fucking rocked tonight.....I love aids jokes.
RT : Julie Bowen looks like Grace Kelly I love her dress!
I agree, this conference has made me take a real look at improving and investing in technology.
Today doesn't have the feel of a Thursday. Feels more like a Monday or Tuesday.
awesome awesome awesome!!!!!!!
reading the george wright/black panthers story right now :) thanks for rt
I'm laying the weet down now... Oink-lin style!!!
Stop it. Erin and I stood in the kitchen tonight and cried over it. Don't get me to crying again. The years are FLYING. Ouch.
thats too funny...
My roommate just bought me some Applebees to go. Um. Applebees and Basketball Wives tonight at 7pm. Sounds great!!!
#HISD trustee Anna Eastman just read a resolution proclaiming November as "American Heritage Month."
Won't be around much for the next week. I'm heading to Turkey tomorrow morning.
lol me neither
- Cool, sounds good. 7:30p $$ for the field. ;)
2.6.2 is now available! Sorry for the short time frame between releases. No need to update unless you're using user_thumbs.
You don't know you're beautiful.
He's perfect for me. But he'll never see it.
only problem w/ comments re #Castro is that #Cubans in #Miami have money.
#theawkwardmoment when a kid whos an atheist in ur class sneezes and u dont know wht to say back.......
RT : "Libraries aren't just for books or movies anymore. Increasingly, they're a place to turn for job skills, shelter..."...
Yum! My favorite..
Besides your titties, what else do you have to offer?
OMG, the season finale of the Vampire Diaries!? Not sure how I feel about it yet :/
Intro to Premium WordPress Themes talk about to start in Tech Room.
anything is more fun than a 2.5 hour plane delay.
Take it or leave it cause I'm really leavin
Wow. The widow of Randy Pausch recently got remarried.
Outstanding Achievement award in music - Tinga Stewart
its cool
I want NOW! Go get him, by the way he is in Hong Kong right now. I need my hubby! </3
Good start to the morning let the Busy Derby week continue!
I can make light of your darkness
I wonder what to do today?
Making me sit outside while you two eat? Great parenting. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C> you should get an award.
I hope you don't take this the wrong way, but you look better with the lights off ;
Testing is finally over
new drinking idea.. and fake baby that pisses vodka???
What time do finals start tomorrow?
Nope. I'm on the radio. Jake is trying not to fall asleep at a rest stop. Gahhhhh
RT : Q4) Be honest if youve changed/deleted & explain. Dont just reject their content w/o any discussion.
Is the enemy of my enemy a friend or enemy?
Media spectacle is the way to media celebrity. It is not about meaningful content.
hopefully if you do take pics :-)
Peyton wasn't too happy bout that sack
Great! Glad it works.
Ohmygosh the photog commentary is crazy. RT : our favorite line so far: "out of NOWHERE!"
#allergykids #difficult Hello and thanks for following!
Tired right now.... Mind is going a 100 miles per hour
We will see you there!
I wonder....hm chocolate fix maybe???
thanx o.O
Writing an article for Fox News Latino, which career-related tips do you want to read about this week??
my girlfriend
Group is now discussing what informal learning means to you.
Why can't release the album right now. Seriously y'all I'm going crazy, I can't wait.
What's going on? Why not fair?
Thank you darling daughters and for the lovely anniversary wishes. You are both wonderful daughters!
anyone do Drupal and live in Allentown area? Full time positions 60-100k. Either way, have a good weekend!
Some people think isn't funny but I find him halrious !!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
I can't just vent how I feel to anyone anymore without them spreading shit out.
So proud of my sweet love, <3 Wish I could be there with you, princess. You have all my love and support.
good morning sexy;) xoxo
battery is
Standing ovation for Coach
great timing for that topic, given today's revelation of the "composite girlfriend"
Today's #CovertTU word: PAROLES - passwords to identify agents to each other.
It's a sad day when George Webb's is only open 6am - 10pm. No more bar time omelets...
Thanks for the congrats & RTs
Thanks for the follow, look forward to your tweets.
Never allow yourself to be defined by someone else’s opinion of you.
they have v8's that's what GT is. Yea me get a v6? Pshhhh that's a girl car
those poeple who tell you how they genuinely feel about you in a simple yearbook paragraph>>>
My lovely wife worked my ass off today doing yard work.. Nice day for it but I am ready to rest and a cold beverage.
all bc of me lol
Ha, its okay. Uh, how old are you?
I want to go To a pool
Congrats to Taylor Bothwell, Brian Borromeo, Matthew la Magna, Charlie Morton, and Superk169 on winning tickets to #GtownSpringSing! /te
did you see the bourbon that i bought on fb? if you're in virginia anytime soon, you should come try it
Watching neghbor's kids as a favor. Regretting it.
it feels like someone just stabbed me in the chest. holy crap.
We leave on the 10th! Right after graduation :)
no problem
Happy Hell Day. Erika Rae taught me this.
Where are your favorite boutiques in Minneapolis?
At least it's outside your window and not inside your window! :)
Thank god I didn't drunk tweet last night.
come now
Did you just spot Scott Wittman in a silent cameo?
worse, I keep coming back to the fact that you KNOW she votes... as do they all
i'm not sure what quote you're referencing
1st had a sprite commercial, then does mountain dew, now nicki has a pepsi commercial...can u say endorsements.
No matter how hard it gets and no matter how hard we try .....we haven't finished yet...were just beginning In my (5 heartbeats voice)
After passing three dairy queens, you eventually just take it as a sign.
My Christmas packages showed up today!
I can't find my iphone charger…..
If you dont know who is,YOU NEED 2 #GETWITHIT.I DONT CARE IF YOU HEARD OF THEM AND DONT LIKE THEIR Music U STILL NEED 2
No, I've seen maybe 5 eps ever. RT “: have you seen when Sheldon has Penny sing 'soft kitty' to him?
it's bloody cold today!! Jeez what happened to the sunshine?
Absolutely, cool logo but where can we get your music?
says I need your e-mail address to be able to add you :-/
Still thinking about what an awesome time I had w/ this past Friday!
thank! We are going to have a tweet screen above the guest book :)
Not a good day to wear a skirt :(
Just landed in Geneva.
Bitch who's shirt chu got on look like somebody wiped they ass wit it #DirtyShirt wearin ass bitch
We are doing the
Learning about the value of a four day work week I like the sound of that!
ok then..and tell your friends to pls add me
Just Finished Packing For California! Gonna Leave For Gig Harbor To Meet With My Friend In A Few Hours. Goodbye Mom,Dad, And Friends! ILYA!
On my way home from morning service and then band rehearsal..been a great day for the Lord.
She is a mean green music machine. Thanks for the follow.
15yo son forgot he was dwnlding porn on his phone went off to shower left volume on high np for the whole house to hear
Live up the last few hrs before its next year!!!!!!
Roses are red Candles are lit Dude, your face... I like that shit
RT . ": i wanna see the avengers. someone take me. <3"
Shoutout to Liz and Kat for my Awesome Book you made for me! Just opened my mail! look at this...totally u
The bitches RT : What's your favorite thing about Chicago?
Two million Arizonans traveling this holiday weekend - KOLD-TV Two million Arizonans traveling this holiday weekend KOLD-TV AP Entertainm
Very different perspectives between #Obama and
Haha Thank you thank you! (: <3 : Color us tres jealous! Have fun, ladies. :)
wat is your artist name?
ex:Mgr doesn't bet on Mon but bets tue. does he put in his star reliever in the game mon if needed? or save him for Tue?
I love you bro :') I'll throw extra hard for you!
how are you feeling? Miss you guys.
I do that too with certain dishes that I love and then freeze the rest. Love the leftovers for lunch.
Good Morning #Bear and #Bull Family!!
lmfao! Oh what tha fuck?xD that is weird....that's trippy acutally. Could you imagine if viginas did have faces?D;
Debating on going to the Royals game tonight... Haven't been yet this year. Wondering if parking/traffic will be crazy with the BoSox intown
That awkward moment when a so called "Directioner" ,gets mad at someone for calling the boys gay...
You and your midnight premiers!
It's greatly appreciated! You should come to the on Monday--giving away free tix to
R u aware of separation of powers. Judiciary is the 1 that interprets constitution & the laws dear.
I dont know how long I'm going to survive in school....stressed
two old ladies sitting in the park when a flasher comes along and flashes em. One has a stroke and the other couldn't reach. ROFL :)
I guess /: I'm in Advanced Honors so we do so much more!
We like the bubble butt! ;) lol
Venable singles!! Just need a homer. I wanna see history!
yeah but u love gettin paid so get to work fool lol
. has one of the best twitter follower/number of tweets ratios in the game right now.
Some people will do anything for attention
#LinkedInTips: Keep your experience and other information up-to-date on LinkedIn. Experiences make you more valuable.
So sick of love songssz **
Easy to switch over too an iPhone on AT&T. :)
Just got my hair did. Thanks
I am :o soo hungry right now hmm let's see a bowl of ramen noodles with hotsauce sounds good right now !!!
why even once?! RT “: Why do people get married more than once?”
"B.I.B.L.E = B: Basic I: Instructions B: Before L: Leaving E: Earth #retweet if you love God ! Remember . . . He saw you read this"
Wish he'd go back to his cave. Neanderthal. : Walker didn’t cave during 8 years as Milwaukee County Executive... & won't cave now.
and I hate the dodgers at this point too...
#HighSchoolTaughtMe to stop trying to fit into a Click!!!!!! Some people didn't learn that lesson 10 years later!!!!
i dont care how white/elitist/privileged it makes me sound, but when Best Buy puts stickers on blu-ray sleeves & the glue ruins it
Wouldn't that just make me sizzle? :-)
Even some of the most talented artists in their field will not make a career in their lifetime!
Thanks Babe! O)+>
lol I don't know him but based on your tweet he's a hit
Not sure how Sean Payton can win an appeal when he's appealing to Goodell. Might as well say "c'mon man, cut me some slack"
...GAH! in my case, evil, evil squirrels- who take only one bite....
ok I will! thank you! even an e-mail interview would be awesome #justsayin =)
Im sick of seeing scene bastards everywhere i go
Disappointing end to a great inning. We'll get em in the 9th!
I actually got the gallons in a barrel question right. Missed the hops and miles from brewery questions ...
YES..Thurman-Pie....
#WhenIRuleTheWorld, using a serif font smaller than 11pts for an email will cause your computer to explode upon sending.
I am blessed to have so many amazing friends.
I still won't be on Twitter 4 awile. Got back out of Hospital next off to a Specialist. Lots of Pain an ODDLY Bleeding from my ears <U+2639> NITE
you're not in Miami, bitch. I am.
It's beginning to feel like an old man so long after imagining what it would be like...
Jamil Salmi of the World Bank to speak at CHEA Annual Conference and International Seminar. See Preliminary Program at www.chea.org.
you can't be that bored in ur avi smh
Thanks for resizing my photos to create better pictures! <U+2665> your work & the cust. svc. is the tops, I am one happy client. :)
with desii , on her ipod .
Coco's
I know where you sleep...
It's a pre-holiday Friday afternoon but we're still working full steam! The long weekend is almost here, what are your Labor Day plans?
what fixes do you think field house needs?
love it when you talk that talk to me
And she's preggers
You got it!
RT : New post: "My Version of Trendswatch 2012: The Archives Edition" what trends will affect archives the most?...
the time when you typed something up but then didnt end up sending it
Writing all day tomorrow! Also we will be posting a new video with a sneak peek of a NEW SONG!!! Thanks again for following, see ya soon!:)
How does your gf like them?
ok Will do
Ok, got my flashlight, water, blanket, iPhone and my wine to head down to our basement. Tornado on my doorstep. Where's my gay Jesus? Adam!
No algebra final for me :)
#vaumc11 a woman just came into ac pushing a pink stroller with two dogs in it. We Methodists are a peculiar people!
haha that's more of something for you not me lol
Sharp avatar!
I want more followers :(
There were no water benders around?
RT : ANTIK Tonight!!!! 356 bowery.Start with straight shots then pop bottles. Party wit MLINY and DON.
here we come so excited for the show
Hope u had wonderful meeting with mentee! The Dav seems 2 be popular spot. Saw another mentor/mentee meeting there earlier 2day
And the winner is..... Bounty Hunter!!!!
Modern family best show on tv but Betty White made me laugh my ass off tonight!!
awesome!!!! The show starts doors open 8 but it probably won't start till 9ish or 9:30
i believe u
I need to shower NOW! get out of the bathroom!
thanks...have a great weekend!!
'Remember The Titans' right now <U+2661>
Hi, Nancy! Nice to meet you! BTW my handle means "lib(rary)hedgehog" in Russian
hahaha tag, you're it! Found you......through bree.... :)
S/O to my boo It's her 21st birfdayy! Happy Birthday love! Hope you have an awesome day! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Thanks Tom, nice hashtag haha! RT : Hey ; YOU are doing big things
Awww ! I will wish you the best birthday of your life!
how much were your front row 1D tickets?
Dental Care: Do eat more calcium-rich foods, such as fish and milk. Calcium is essential for healthy teeth.
Thanks for the follow, we're looking forward to following the hashtags & learning about exciting new wines!
#SundayMorning It's a new day, it's a new life... And I'm feeling
Helping my dad with his race car(:
LMAO SO YOU'LL BE LIKE ME THEN
Rational thought is not at a premium here.
RT Fall in love with someone who deserves your heart. Not someone who plays with it.
truth. Might be idk. If not i gota website w every episode. Check hbo on demand too
Bout to go to northpark mall
Did you know it was National Happy Hour day? No, we didn't either, but like you needed another excuse to drink 1/2 off Tequila from 4-7pm..
#2016 I Graduate #HighSchool :) .. Can't wait too get out of Philly and move too the big L.A :P
RT : This presentation is egg-citing!
People who are pro smacking children say, 'It's the only language they understand.' You could apply that to tourists. - Jack Dee
okay, um what's your favorite color?
just walked into the living room to find my mom looking at interviews..
I'm just gonna play all for my sets from now on. Shit is fire.
I can't wait to sleep. tomorrow... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA>
Join us on facebook so you can see the latest styles
You've got it bad! Lol!
I'm good and getting ready to go to work, how about u?
yes kesha was telling me. Indefinitely want to get married at the church, but I'll definitely look at it for the reception
I would pay money to watch that game.
RT: "Chef Boyardee can with " hahaha I know! Oh man that's a good one of him! He was about to kill Besler for that too ;)
no just shirtless
The more that you read, the more things you will know. The more that you learn, the more places you'll go. ~Dr. Seuss
I'm bored
Everything that the rep. put up for vote been a losing battle, tax increase for the rich yes, cut medicare no
it's 2 - 1 Rangers with less than 3 minutes left.
If I had a monkey,,,,I would teach him to be president of the United States. He definitely wouldn't do worse!
Loved, loved, loved #NewGirl!
Thanks, Alice. That makes two of us! Hahaha! :-)
really shannon so imma bitch now smh i gotchu
thanks for the great #somolo panel at #dsum12 in Atlanta!
today I feel blah and slow, yet tonight I have to take a high stakes standardized test. Crap.
u think your Pack will be able to F wit the next season?
": thanks for the follow and congrats on your weight loss" Sure thing! And thanks!!!
Anybody know about competing brat fests?
#Omega-3 supplements help the health of the #gums, reduce inflammation and block the pathogenic organisms.
Just landed in Maui - yay, it's vacation time!
People talkin' bout how a girl fucked/hooked up wit everyone
figures Pacers blow out Cleveland, Sixers lose again to a non playoff team at home but are still above Pacers lol
Octomom needs to go away. So gross
yes. I got back yesterday. I'll be at football on Thursday
Fuck that, someone turn me off! 28 years and I need a moment to collect all them quarters y'all been poppin in...
I hate when the guy you like finally texts you, then doesn't reply after that one message. #likeWTF?
I am the Lord your God who upholds your right hand, who says to you, "Do not fear, I will help you." -Isaiah 41:13
take it easy baby!
I was gonna say it's like that Facebook friend who posts 5 times a day. Always something new on the agenda they have to tell us.
11am and still can't function... I need tea.
Wisconsin Democrats say GOP complaints over Senate recall petition signatures won't stand, elections will be ordered
yes it is I am also very happy that the miners were rescued:)
between tebow getting thrown to the lions and this i dont know whats worse lol
1st place in our division, best choreography and overall grand champ for all level 3!! #FTC #juniorgreen today was a good day <3
Special shout out to thanks for following us, God bless!
Cold and windy! Posted up at 2nd location for the day. Craving coffee!
Think I've had more than enough "Waltrip Announcing" this weekend.
Hey Tori. can you by chance email me? I need to ask u something.
WOW! HOW DID I DIE?! I DEFINITELY SHOT HIM FIRST!
Yes. And then the next day when I actually try it on, I'm like "How did my mind think of it as matching?"
'green Ha! Everyone wants to be the master and commander. No one wants to be the student first! Experience education! Need I say more?
Sometimes the best cure for the way you're feeling is a good, solid
So glad you raised the issue. Still hoping for more detail from Google!
So with that said, tomorrow I'm gonna have hubby dig holes for my rose bush & yuccas. I can plant the other plants myself. It's on now!
Oh wow!! That makes me happy :)
this is embarrassing bro... I'm speechless.
big decision: what are you going to eat?
you know what to do, no second chance for her pick it up!!!!!
I will be there too!
Look at me now on 97.9 they barely play it anymore
Blitz tonight should be awesome, stop on by and spread the word. Lots of great local artists and a killer party
#HesJustNotThatIntoYou was not that bad...
Go Red Sox
M bacon, making people fat and happy ever since it was thrown on the griddle
hey niall!! how have you been doing? hope you like Australia! :)
not yet! I'm just thanking the folks who are tying to get us there. We are still just under 2,000 shy! Keep spreading the word
RT : RT : What are you doing to celebrate Early College High School Week 2012?
Thanks for the shout out guys! Hope to see you at #TechInMotionPhilly tomorrow night!
Fill in the blank! I <3 #SocialMedia because ____________ .
thank you for the amazing workshop today Phil. All of your tips were golden:)
I totally agree!!!!
No, actually he's on a great show called Fringe and has a very hot girlfriend, Diane Kruger. But thanks for playing.
You are so welcome!
Soon hopefully! Yes. Drinks are a must - I'll keep you posted
It's and fault that there are so many Jalex believers. The sexual tension fuels the fire of our imagination.
#patriotgala Great evening with War Heros and Friends
Whats the difference between a private night with Zayne Malik and a prize of $100,000 cash?? No difference. Same thing.
“I don't hate you, I'm just not necessarily excited about your existence.”
RT : Worry, not work, causes most weariness.
more than a feeling by boston rocks!!! greatest band of the 70's
“: Habbo was the Thang when I was young” omg yes. Imagine if I played with you ahaha.
Thanks! RT : Miss live chats Wednesday. Recommend #bizforum and
Make me your follow friday bitches!!!! X
whoops! Didn't have the twitter handle at the time, but now I do: :)
so i see you haven't followed me yet all i gotta say is whats up with that
Even though I promised myself I wouldn't risk the chance of getting hurt again, for some reason, when Im with you, its seems worth it.
As soon as you realize I'm worth it, I'll have moved on.
Manno's Sports now -- Tickets to Muse / SSPU if you're smarter than _Begley at 8. Shouldn't be a challenge. Zing!
Hope some who don't realize how offensive it is to use the word "rape" metaphorically learn from this thread.
Nice : I am sure that just loves that
how are you? Its been forever...
that's by point just help some of us that are trying to help ourselves that's all I'm saying
- I feel like I've been trampled by a herd of truckers
hey folks whats going on in this twitter world?
how do we attain credentials to log into the website?
I know that's why traffic must have been jamming in that area b/c i didn't see an accident!
it doesnt matter what its called, I'm buyin...can't wait!:-)
RT : Working on tomorrow's blog post for entrepreneurs and trying to fend off these characters in my head.
consistency is the key...gettin a WWTWL record will put us at the top of that table if we could keep that up
Hey I hope you are have a great Thursday check out this epic #protoss versus #zerg game on Blistering Sands
is that Dupont Circle?
not the part where you aren't punished for playing :)
Thinking if I Should Call Him or Not...
thanks for the quick thinking :). amazing how life w/o internet is so befuddling.
tell your mom happy mothers day:) she is the nicest person I've ever met and shes beautiful:)
Nah RT:Griffin is terrible lol
Good luck to everyone running the #BostonMarathon this morning!
Facebook is acting up again tonight...won't let me upload an album, so here come the individual sunset photos we took tonight.
Dang it! I was already on the plane when you sent this...finally made it to my destination hope you did too! ;)
Met a lady who said she was too busy to go to worship, I thought I am too busy not to...I need Sabbath, God requires it=mutually beneficial
everyone is copying with the kitten stuff!!
#Browns net from #NFLdraft trade with #Falcons: Phil Taylor, Greg Little, Owen Marecic, Brandon Weeden, plus Trent Richardson tradeup.
San Antonio Spurs = surgical basketball.
Off to go take my French final! Souhaitez moi bonne chance!
Did you know? Manhattan's highest natural elevation, 265 ft, is found in Washington Heights!
illegal immigrants who qualify for the DREAM Act would still have to wait 2 years before being eligible for residency
Some of the people at this concert are scaring me.
Food is an important part of a balanced diet
Love your new profile pic! We must catch up soon!
“: excellent fb status! RT!”>>>Thanks Matt :)
Committeeman Cleveland addressing the Convention's #Chicago #Republican Mtg. "Adapt message to Urbanites."
I need somebody to text
Omg how I miss you all who tweeted me before : '[
will be teaching a memoir workshop abt what conditions make memoir possible. or impossible.
Hello new followers! How are you?
Pre-hub and I are debating on who the bigger figure head is - Joe Paterno or Lou Holtz. My vote is Joe Paterno. Penn State doesn't need him.
Athletes cheat all the time...but few rape.
A word of advice. "Live every week like its shark week!"
Love Gregg Williams speech minus ACL and concussion comment. Great coach and motivator would love to play for a guy like that.
please tell me you are a delena fan
Help get the spammers off #mdsnow. Block and Report . You can readily see who they are. Help.
They always say the hottest love has the coldest end.
Good hair
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 113
May is coming up. This summer, we're dropping an EP from one of our best.
check out the spy museum.. very cool! Have fun!
thanks i will try to
congrats!! Feel like an adult now?
Who's going to the festival? How about an awesome road trip across the USA as well?
they are ... do not you see as they are pulling the plug...
Happy New Year!!!
hey idk if its the right thing but if it is can u play take care
are u talking about the photos of Koko with students in Japan? Cuz I used still frames of those in my package from power point
Just sent it .
STREET FIGHTER!!! it's about to go down...!
Follow The hottest Blogger in the game!!!!
Going to have to check out in Atlantic City some time, AMG does some big things!
Haha! That's amazing. Sounds like a cool mom.
hey!! my name is Kayla too!! lol
heard you today on Savage Love, brought a smile to my face on an otherwise dreary WI tues. Keep on you Vulva puppeteer you!
Please give a SHOUTOUT<3 and follow <U+E32D><U+E00F>
no I am a mets fan so let me get your number so I could make you be a mets fan lol
What is your biggest challenge?
I saw you at the Men's Final Tennis In NY- You go for Nadal.
New Co-Pieces of the Week and The Beat Without pieces are up also!
Those who live according to the Spirit set their minds on the things of the Spirit.~Romans 8:5
Thank you kindly for the RT! Glad that you enjoyed the article. Let me know if you have any questions that I can answer for you.
